Microarrays offer great potential as a platform for molecular diagnostics, testing clinical samples for the presence of numerous biomarkers in highly multiplexed assays. 	 BACKGROUND
In this study applied to infectious diseases, data from a microarray designed for molecular serotyping of Streptococcus pneumoniae was used, identifying the presence of any one of 91 known pneumococcal serotypes from DNA extracts. 	 BACKGROUND
This microarray incorporated oligonucleotide probes for all known capsular polysaccharide synthesis genes and required a statistical analysis of the microarray intensity data to determine which serotype, or combination of serotypes, were present within a sample based on the combination of genes detected. 	 BACKGROUND
We propose an empirical Bayesian model for calculating the probabilities of combinations of serotypes from the microarray data. 	 RESULTS
The model takes into consideration the dependencies between serotypes, induced by genes they have in common, and by homologous genes which, although not identical, are similar to each other in sequence. 	 RESULTS
For serotypes which are very similar in capsular gene composition, extra probes are included on the microarray, providing additional information which is integrated into the Bayesian model. 	 RESULTS
For each serotype combination with high probability, a second model, a Bayesian random effects model is applied to determine the relative abundance of each serotype. 	 RESULTS
To assess the accuracy of the proposed analysis we applied our methods to experimental data from samples containing individual serotypes and samples containing combinations of serotypes with known levels of abundance. 	 CONCLUSIONS
All but two of the known serotypes of S. pneumoniae that were tested as individual samples could be uniquely determined by the Bayesian model. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The model also enabled the presence of combinations of serotypes within samples to be determined. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Serotypes with very low abundance within a combination of serotypes can be detected (down to 2% abundance in this study). 	 CONCLUSIONS
As well as detecting the presence of serotype combinations, an approximate measure of the percentage abundance of the serotypes within the combination can be obtained. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The purpose of this study was to characterize the relationship between adipose tissue phenotype and depot-specific microvascular function in fat. 	 OBJECTIVE
In 30 obese subjects (age 42±11 years, body mass index 46±11 kg/m(2)) undergoing bariatric surgery, we intraoperatively collected visceral and subcutaneous adipose tissue and characterized depot-specific adipose phenotypes. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
We assessed vasomotor function of the adipose microvasculature using videomicroscopy of small arterioles (75-250 μm) isolated from different fat compartments. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Endothelium-dependent, acetylcholine-mediated vasodilation was severely impaired in visceral arterioles, compared to the subcutaneous depot (P<0.001 by ANOVA). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Nonendothelium dependent responses to papaverine and nitroprusside were similar. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Endothelial nitric oxide synthase inhibition with N(ω)-nitro-l-arginine methyl ester reduced subcutaneous vasodilation but had no effect on severely blunted visceral arteriolar responses. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Visceral fat exhibited greater expression of proinflammatory, oxidative stress-related, hypoxia-induced, and proangiogenic genes; increased activated macrophage populations; and had a higher capacity for cytokine production ex vivo. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Our findings provide clinical evidence that the visceral microenvironment may be intrinsically toxic to arterial health providing a potential mechanism by which visceral adiposity burden is linked to atherosclerotic vascular disease. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Our findings also support the evolving concept that both adipose tissue quality and quantity may play significant roles in shaping cardiovascular phenotypes in human obesity. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Common carotid intima media thickness (CIMT) and ankle brachial pressure index (ABPI) are used as surrogate marker of atherosclerosis, and have been shown to correlate with arterial stiffness, however their correlation with global atherosclerotic burden has not been previously assessed. 	 BACKGROUND
We compare CIMT and ABPI with atheroma burden as measured by whole body magnetic resonance angiography (WB-MRA). 	 BACKGROUND
50 patients with symptomatic peripheral arterial disease were recruited. 	 METHODS
was measured using ultrasound while rest and exercise ABPI were performed. 	 CIMT
WB-MRA was performed in a 1.5T MRI scanner using 4 volume acquisitions with a divided dose of intravenous gadolinium gadoterate meglumine (Dotarem, Guerbet, FR). 	 CIMT
The WB-MRA data was divided into 31 anatomical arterial segments with each scored according to degree of luminal narrowing: 0 = normal, 1 = <50%, 2 = 50-70%, 3 = 70-99%, 4 = vessel occlusion. 	 CIMT
The segment scores were summed and from this a standardized atheroma score was calculated. 	 CIMT
The atherosclerotic burden was high with a standardised atheroma score of 39.5±11. 	 RESULTS
Common CIMT showed a positive correlation with the whole body atheroma score (β 0.32, p = 0.045), however this was due to its strong correlation with the neck and thoracic segments (β 0.42 p = 0.01) with no correlation with the rest of the body. 	 RESULTS
correlated with the whole body atheroma score (β -0.39, p = 0.012), which was due to a strong correlation with the ilio-femoral vessels with no correlation with the thoracic or neck vessels. 	 ABPI
On multiple linear regression, no correlation between CIMT and global atheroma burden was present (β 0.13 p = 0.45), while the correlation between ABPI and atheroma burden persisted (β -0.45 p = 0.005). 	 ABPI
but not CIMT correlates with global atheroma burden as measured by whole body contrast enhanced magnetic resonance angiography in a population with symptomatic peripheral arterial disease. 	 CONCLUSION ABPI
However this is primarily due to a strong correlation with ilio-femoral atheroma burden. 	 CONCLUSION ABPI
Endothelial activation leading to vascular barrier breakdown plays an essential role in the pathophysiology of multiple-organ dysfunction syndrome (MODS) in sepsis. 	 INTRODUCTION
Increasing evidence suggests that the function of the vessel-protective factor Angiopoietin-1 (Ang-1), a ligand of the endothelial-specific Tie2 receptor, is inhibited by its antagonist Angiopoietin-2 (Ang-2) during sepsis. 	 INTRODUCTION
In order to reverse the effects of the sepsis-induced suppression of Ang-1 and elevation of Ang-2 we aimed to investigate whether an intravenous injection of recombinant human (rh) Ang-1 protects against MODS in murine sepsis. 	 INTRODUCTION
Polymicrobiological abdominal sepsis was induced by cecal ligation and puncture (CLP). 	 METHODS
Mice were treated with either 1 μg of intravenous rhAng-1 or control buffer immediately after CLP induction and every 8h thereafter. 	 METHODS
Sham-operated animals served as time-matched controls. 	 METHODS
Compared to buffer-treated controls, rhAng-1 treated septic mice showed significant improvements in several hematologic and biochemical indicators of MODS. 	 RESULTS
Moreover, rhAng-1 stabilized endothelial barrier function, as evidenced by inhibition of protein leakage from lung capillaries into the alveolar compartment. 	 RESULTS
Histological analysis revealed that rhAng-1 treatment attenuated leukocyte infiltration in lungs and kidneys of septic mice, probably due to reduced endothelial adhesion molecule expression in rhAng-1 treated mice. 	 RESULTS
Finally, the protective effects of rhAng-1 treatment were reflected by an improved survival time in a lethal CLP model. 	 RESULTS
In a clinically relevant murine sepsis model, intravenous rhAng-1 treatment alone is sufficient to significantly improve a variety of sepsis-associated organ dysfunctions and survival time, most likely by preserving endothelial barrier function. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Further studies are needed to pave the road for clinical application of this therapy concept. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The nucleosome is the basic repeating unit of chromatin. 	 MOTIVATION
It contains two copies each of the four core histones H2A, H2B, H3 and H4 and about 147 bp of DNA. 	 MOTIVATION
The residues of the histone proteins are subject to numerous post-translational modifications, such as methylation or acetylation. 	 MOTIVATION
Chromatin immunoprecipitiation followed by sequencing (ChIP-seq) is a technique that provides genome-wide occupancy data of these modified histone proteins, and it requires appropriate computational methods. 	 MOTIVATION
We present NucHunter, an algorithm that uses the data from ChIP-seq experiments directed against many histone modifications to infer positioned nucleosomes. 	 RESULTS
NucHunter annotates each of these nucleosomes with the intensities of the histone modifications. 	 RESULTS
We demonstrate that these annotations can be used to infer nucleosomal states with distinct correlations to underlying genomic features and chromatin-related processes, such as transcriptional start sites, enhancers, elongation by RNA polymerase II and chromatin-mediated repression. 	 RESULTS
Thus, NucHunter is a versatile tool that can be used to predict positioned nucleosomes from a panel of histone modification ChIP-seq experiments and infer distinct histone modification patterns associated to different chromatin states. 	 RESULTS
The software is available at http://epigen.molgen.mpg.de/nuchunter/. 	 AVAILABILITY
Patients undergoing dialysis have a substantially increased risk of cardiovascular mortality and morbidity. 	 BACKGROUND
Although several trials have shown the cardiovascular benefits of lowering blood pressure in the general population, there is uncertainty about the efficacy and tolerability of reducing blood pressure in patients on dialysis. 	 BACKGROUND
We did a systematic review and meta-analysis to assess the effect of blood pressure lowering in patients on dialysis. 	 BACKGROUND
We systematically searched Medline, Embase, and the Cochrane Library database for trials reported between 1950 and November, 2008, without language restriction. 	 METHODS
We extracted a standardised dataset from randomised controlled trials of blood pressure lowering in patients on dialysis that reported cardiovascular outcomes. 	 METHODS
Meta-analysis was done with a random effects model. 	 METHODS
We identified eight relevant trials, which provided data for 1679 patients and 495 cardiovascular events. 	 FINDINGS
Weighted mean systolic blood pressure was 4.5 mm Hg lower and diastolic blood pressure 2.3 mm Hg lower in actively treated patients than in controls. 	 FINDINGS
Blood pressure lowering treatment was associated with lower risks of cardiovascular events (RR 0.71, 95% CI 0.55-0.92; p=0.009), all-cause mortality (RR 0.80, 0.66-0.96; p=0.014), and cardiovascular mortality (RR 0.71, 0.50-0.99; p=0.044) than control regimens. 	 FINDINGS
The effects seem to be consistent across a range of patient groups included in the studies. 	 FINDINGS
Treatment with agents that lower blood pressure should routinely be considered for individuals undergoing dialysis to reduce the very high cardiovascular morbidity and mortality rate in this population. 	 INTERPRETATION
To determine whether the novel avian influenza H7N9 virus can transmit from person to person and its efficiency. 	 OBJECTIVE
Epidemiological investigations conducted after a family cluster of two patients with avian H7N9 in March 2013. 	 DESIGN
Wuxi, Eastern China. 	 SETTING
Two patients, their close contacts, and relevant environments. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Samples from the patients and environments were collected and tested by real time reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (rRT-PCR), viral culture, and haemagglutination inhibition assay. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Any contacts who became ill had samples tested for avian H7N9 by rRT-PCR. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Paired serum samples were obtained from contacts for serological testing by haemagglutination inhibition assays. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Clinical data, history of exposure before the onset of illnesses, and results of laboratory testing of pathogens and further analysis of sequences and phylogenetic tree to isolated strains. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES MEASURES
The index patient became ill five to six days after his last exposure to poultry. 	 RESULTS
The second patient, his daughter aged 32, who provided unprotected bedside care in the hospital, had no known exposure to poultry. 	 RESULTS
She developed symptoms six days after her last contact with her father. 	 RESULTS
Two strains were isolated successfully from the two patients. 	 RESULTS
Genome sequence and analyses of phylogenetic trees showed that both viruses were almost genetically identical. 	 RESULTS
Forty three close contacts of both patients were identified. 	 RESULTS
One had mild illness but had negative results for avian H7N9 by rRT-PCR. 	 RESULTS
All 43 close contacts tested negative for haemagglutination inhibition antibodies specific for avian H7N9. 	 RESULTS
The infection of the daughter probably resulted from contact with her father (the index patient) during unprotected exposure, suggesting that in this cluster the virus was able to transmit from person to person. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The transmissibility was limited and non-sustainable. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Genetic variation in the IL28B gene has been strongly associated with treatment outcomes, spontaneous clearance and progression of the hepatitis C virus infection (HCV). 	 BACKGROUND
The aim of the present study was to investigate the role of polymorphisms at this locus with progression and outcome of HCV infection in a Moroccan population. 	 BACKGROUND
We analyzed a cohort of 438 individuals among them 232 patients with persistent HCV infection, of whom 115 patients had mild chronic hepatitis and 117 had advanced liver disease (cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma), 68 individuals who had naturally cleared HCV and 138 healthy subjects. 	 METHODS
The IL28B SNPs rs12979860 and rs8099917 were genotyped using a TaqMan 5' allelic discrimination assay. 	 METHODS
The protective rs12979860-C and rs8099917-T alleles were more common in subjects with spontaneous clearance (77.9% vs 55.2%; p = 0.00001 and 95.6% vs 83.2%; p = 0.0025, respectively). 	 RESULTS
Individuals with clearance were 4.69 (95% CI, 1.99-11.07) times more likely to have the C/C genotype for rs12979860 polymorphism (p = 0.0017) and 3.55 (95% CI, 0.19-66.89) times more likely to have the T/T genotype at rs8099917. 	 RESULTS
Patients with advanced liver disease carried the rs12979860-T/T genotype more frequently than patients with mild chronic hepatitis C (OR = 1.89; 95% CI, 0.99-3.61; p = 0.0532) and this risk was even more pronounced when we compared them with healthy controls (OR = 4.27; 95% CI, 2.08-8.76; p = 0.0005). 	 RESULTS
The rs8099917-G allele was also associated with advanced liver disease (OR = 2.34; 95% CI, 1.40-3.93; p = 0.0100). 	 RESULTS
In the Moroccan population, polymorphisms near the IL28B gene play a role both in spontaneous clearance and progression of HCV infection. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The combination of radiotherapy plus long-term medical suppression of androgens (> or = 2 years) improves overall survival in patients with locally advanced prostate cancer. 	 BACKGROUND
We compared the use of radiotherapy plus short-term androgen suppression with the use of radiotherapy plus long-term androgen suppression in the treatment of locally advanced prostate cancer. 	 BACKGROUND
We randomly assigned patients with locally advanced prostate cancer who had received external-beam radiotherapy plus 6 months of androgen suppression to two groups, one to receive no further treatment (short-term suppression) and the other to receive 2.5 years of further treatment with a luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone agonist (long-term suppression). 	 METHODS
An outcome of noninferiority of short-term androgen suppression as compared with long-term suppression required a hazard ratio of more than 1.35 for overall survival, with a one-sided alpha level of 0.05. 	 METHODS
An interim analysis showed futility, and the results are presented with an adjusted one-sided alpha level of 0.0429. 	 METHODS
A total of 1113 men were registered, of whom 970 were randomly assigned, 483 to short-term suppression and 487 to long-term suppression. 	 RESULTS
After a median follow-up of 6.4 years, 132 patients in the short-term group and 98 in the long-term group had died; the number of deaths due to prostate cancer was 47 in the short-term group and 29 in the long-term group. 	 RESULTS
The 5-year overall mortality for short-term and long-term suppression was 19.0% and 15.2%, respectively; the observed hazard ratio was 1.42 (upper 95.71% confidence limit, 1.79; P=0.65 for noninferiority). 	 RESULTS
Adverse events in both groups included fatigue, diminished sexual function, and hot flushes. 	 RESULTS
The combination of radiotherapy plus 6 months of androgen suppression provides inferior survival as compared with radiotherapy plus 3 years of androgen suppression in the treatment of locally advanced prostate cancer. 	 CONCLUSIONS
(ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00003026.) 	 CONCLUSIONS
To analyse the long-term outcome of the largest reported cohort of patients presenting asystole during head-up tilt test. 	 AIMS
Since 1990, 1322 patients with syncope of unknown origin have undergone tilt-table testing. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Of those, 330 patients (24 X 9%) presented an abnormal response (syncope or pre-syncope). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Furthermore, 58 of those patients (17 X 5%) suffered a period of asystole (> or = 3000 ms) during the test. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Asystole (median (interquartile range)) lasted 10 (4, 19 X 2) s (range 3-90). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Two different protocols (angles) of tilting (Westminster (60 degrees) n=1124; isoproterenol (80 degrees) n=198)) influenced the time to the syncopal episode (13 (6 X 5, 20 X 5) vs 2 (1, 6 X 5) min, P=0,0005) but not the duration of the asystole. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
During this period, therapy for asystole featured three different stages: first patients were treated with pacemakers; later drug therapy (metoprolol and/or etilefrine) was recommended; lastly (from 1995), no specific treatment was given. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
In a cohort age- and gender-matched study, those patients without were compared to those with asystole in a 2:1 basis. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
During 40 X 7 months of follow-up (17 X 7, 66 X 8), 12 patients (20 X 6%) with asystole had syncopal recurrences. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Furthermore, 34 patients (28 X 8%) without asystole presented syncopal episodes during a follow-up of 51 X 6 months (29 X 3, 73 X 1) (P=ns). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The Kaplan-Meier analysis in patients with and without asystole showed a mean time free of recurrence of 92 X 6 +/- 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
6 months vs 82 X 6 +/- 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
4 X 7 months (P=ns). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The previous number of syncopes had a significant relationship with recurrences (P=0 X 002), but not therapy. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
There were no cardiac related deaths. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
(1) Asystole during head-up tilt test does not imply a malignant outcome and syncope recurrence is low; (2) pacemaker or drug therapy do not significantly influence outcome which correlates to the previous number of syncopal episodes but not to gender, age, asystole occurrence, asystole duration and timing to asystole during head-up tilt test; (3) tilting protocol (angle) might influence time to and incidence of asystole during head-up tilt test. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Under the Revised National Tuberculosis Control Programme of India, patients with new smear-positive pulmonary tuberculosis are treated with a thrice-weekly regimen of antitubercular drugs (2H(3)R(3)Z(3)E(3)/4H(3)R(3) [H isoniazid, R rifampicin, Z pyrazinamide and E ethambutol]) for 6 months. 	 BACKGROUND
We conducted a retrospective analysis of the efficacy andtolerability of this regimen under clinical trial conditions in HIV-negative patients with newly diagnosed smear-positive pulmonary tuberculosis. 	 BACKGROUND
We retrospectively analysed the data on patients assigned to the control regimen (2H (3)R(3)Z(3)E(3)/4H(3)R(3)) in two clinical trials during 2001-06 at the National Institute for Research in Tuberculosis, Chennai, India. 	 METHODS
Of the 268 patients treated with this regimen, data for efficacy analysis were available for 249. 	 RESULTS
At the end of treatment, of 249 patients, 238 (96%) had a favourable status. 	 RESULTS
Treatment failure occurred in the remaining 11: 7 in whom the organisms were initially drug-susceptible and 4 with initial drug resistance. 	 RESULTS
Of the 238 patients who had a favourable status at the end of treatment, 14 (6%) had recurrence of tuberculosis during the following 24 months. 	 RESULTS
In the intention-to-treat analysis, 245 (94%) of 262 patients had a favourable status at the end of treatment. 	 RESULTS
Of the 28 patients with initial drug resistance, 24 (86%) had a favourable outcome. 	 RESULTS
Only 4 of these 24 patients were found to have recurrence of tuberculosis in 2 years of follow-up. 	 RESULTS
Among the 221 patients initially infected with drug-susceptible organisms, drug resistance did not develop in any of the 7 patients in whom the treatment failed or the 10 who had recurrence of tuberculosis. 	 RESULTS
Further, 5 of the 7 patients in whom the treatment failed continued to excrete drug-susceptible bacilli at 6 months. 	 RESULTS
Adverse drug reactions were observed in 38 (14%) of the 262 patients. 	 RESULTS
Only 3 (1.1%) needed a modification in the treatment. 	 RESULTS
This thrice-weekly 6-month regimen of antitubercular drugs, when administered under full supervision, is associated with a high rate of favourable treatment outcomes in HIV-negative patients with newly diagnosed sputum smearpositive pulmonary tuberculosis. 	 CONCLUSION
There are few adverse drug reactions in these patients. 	 CONCLUSION
Pleurocidin, a 25-mer antimicrobial peptide (AMP), is known to exert bactericidal activity. 	 BACKGROUND
However, the synergistic activity and mechanism(s) of pleurocidin in combination with conventional antibiotics, and the antibiofilm effect of the peptide are poorly understood. 	 BACKGROUND
The interaction between pleurocidin and antibiotics was evaluated using checkerboard assay. 	 METHODS
To study the mechanism(s) involved in their synergism, we detected hydroxyl radical formation using 3'-(p-hydroxyphenyl) fluorescein, measured the NAD(+)/NADH ratio by NAD(+) cycling assay, observed change in bacterial viability with the hydroxyl radical scavenger thiourea, and investigated cytoplasmic membrane damage using propidium iodide. 	 METHODS
Also, the antibiofilm effect of pleurocidin was examined with the tissue culture plate method. 	 METHODS
All combinations of pleurocidin and antibiotics showed synergistic interaction against bacterial strains (fractional inhibitory concentration index (FICI)≤0.5) except for Enterococcus faecium treated with a combination of the peptide and ampicillin (FICI=0.75). 	 RESULTS
We identified that pleurocidin alone and in combinations with antibiotics induced formation of hydroxyl radicals. 	 RESULTS
The oxidative stress was caused by a transient NADH depletion and the addition of thiourea prevented bacterial death, especially in the case of the combined treatment of pleurocidin and ampicillin showing synergisms. 	 RESULTS
The combination of pleurocidin and erythromycin increased permeability of bacterial cytoplasmic membrane. 	 RESULTS
Additionally, pleurocidin exhibited a potent inhibitory effect on preformed biofilm of bacterial organisms. 	 RESULTS
In conclusion, pleurocidin synergized with antibiotics through hydroxyl radical formation and membrane-active mechanism, and exerted antibiofilm activity. 	 RESULTS
The synergistic effect between pleurocidin and antibiotics suggests the AMP is a potential therapeutic agent and adjuvant for antimicrobial chemotherapy. 	 GENERAL SIGNIFICANCE
Pregnant women with mild preexisting renal disease have relatively few complications of pregnancy, but the risks of maternal and obstetrical complications in women with moderate or severe renal insufficiency remain uncertain. 	 BACKGROUND
We determined the frequency and types of maternal and obstetrical complications and the outcomes of pregnancy in 67 women with primary renal disease (82 pregnancies). 	 METHODS
All the women had initial serum creatinine concentrations of at least 1.4 mg per deciliter (124 mumol per liter) and gestations that continued beyond the first trimester. 	 METHODS
The mean (+/- 	 RESULTS
SD) serum creatinine concentration increased from 1.9 +/- 	 RESULTS
0.8 mg per deciliter (168 +/- 	 RESULTS
71 mumol per liter) in early pregnancy to 2.5 +/- 	 RESULTS
1.3 mg per deciliter (221 +/- 	 RESULTS
115 mumol per liter) in the third trimester. 	 RESULTS
The frequency of hypertension rose from 28 percent at base line to 48 percent in the third trimester, and that of high-grade proteinuria (urinary protein excretion, > 3000 mg per liter) from 23 percent to 41 percent. 	 RESULTS
For the 70 pregnancies (57 women) for which data were available during pregnancy and immediately post partum, pregnancy-related loss of maternal renal function occurred in 43 percent. 	 RESULTS
Eight of these pregnancies (10 percent of the total) were associated with rapid acceleration of maternal renal insufficiency. 	 RESULTS
Obstetrical complications included a high rate of preterm delivery (59 percent) and growth retardation (37 percent). 	 RESULTS
The infant survival rate was 93 percent. 	 RESULTS
Among pregnant women with moderate or severe renal insufficiency, the rates of complications due to worsening renal function, hypertension, and obstetrical complications are increased, but fetal survival is high. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Calcific aortic valve (AV) disease is known to be an inflammation-related process. 	 OBJECTIVES
High-mobility group box-1 (HMGB1) protein and Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) have been reported to participate in several inflammatory diseases. 	 OBJECTIVES
The purpose of the present study was to determine whether the HMGB1-TLR4 axis is involved in calcific AV disease, and to evaluate the effect of HMGB1, and its potential mechanisms, on the pro-osteogenic phenotype change of valvular interstitial cells (VICs). 	 OBJECTIVES
Expression of HMGB1 and TLR4 in human calcific AVs was evaluated using immunohistochemical staining and immunoblotting. 	 METHODS
Cultured VICs were used as an in vitro model. 	 METHODS
The VICs were stimulated with HMGB1 for analysis, with versus without TLR4 small interfering ribonucleic acid (siRNA), c-Jun N-terminal kinase mitogen-activated protein kinase (JNK MAPK), and nuclear factor kappa-B (NF-κB) inhibitors. 	 METHODS
Enhanced accumulation of HMGB1 and TLR4 was observed in calcific valves. 	 RESULTS
Moreover, we found that HMGB1 induced high levels of pro-inflammatory cytokine production and promoted the osteoblastic differentiation and calcification of VICs. 	 RESULTS
In addition, HMGB1 induced phosphorylation of JNK MAPK and NF-κB. However, these effects were markedly suppressed by siRNA silencing of TLR4. 	 RESULTS
In addition, blockade of JNK MAPK and NF-κB phosphorylation prohibited HMGB1-induced production of pro-osteogenic factors, and mineralization of VICs. 	 RESULTS
The HMGB1 protein may promote osteoblastic differentiation and calcification of VICs, through the TLR4-JNK-NF-κB signaling pathway. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Roughly 3 million people worldwide were receiving antiretroviral therapy (ART) at the end of 2007, but an estimated 6.7 million were still in need of treatment and a further 2.7 million became infected with HIV in 2007. 	 BACKGROUND
Prevention efforts might reduce HIV incidence but are unlikely to eliminate this disease. 	 BACKGROUND
We investigated a theoretical strategy of universal voluntary HIV testing and immediate treatment with ART, and examined the conditions under which the HIV epidemic could be driven towards elimination. 	 BACKGROUND
We used mathematical models to explore the effect on the case reproduction number (stochastic model) and long-term dynamics of the HIV epidemic (deterministic transmission model) of testing all people in our test-case community (aged 15 years and older) for HIV every year and starting people on ART immediately after they are diagnosed HIV positive. 	 METHODS
We used data from South Africa as the test case for a generalised epidemic, and assumed that all HIV transmission was heterosexual. 	 METHODS
The studied strategy could greatly accelerate the transition from the present endemic phase, in which most adults living with HIV are not receiving ART, to an elimination phase, in which most are on ART, within 5 years. 	 FINDINGS
It could reduce HIV incidence and mortality to less than one case per 1000 people per year by 2016, or within 10 years of full implementation of the strategy, and reduce the prevalence of HIV to less than 1% within 50 years. 	 FINDINGS
We estimate that in 2032, the yearly cost of the present strategy and the theoretical strategy would both be US$1.7 billion; however, after this time, the cost of the present strategy would continue to increase whereas that of the theoretical strategy would decrease. 	 FINDINGS
Universal voluntary HIV testing and immediate ART, combined with present prevention approaches, could have a major effect on severe generalised HIV/AIDS epidemics. 	 INTERPRETATION
This approach merits further mathematical modelling, research, and broad consultation. 	 INTERPRETATION
Few data have evaluated physician adherence to cardiovascular disease (CVD) prevention guidelines according to physician specialty or patient characteristics, particularly gender. 	 BACKGROUND
An online study of 500 randomly selected physicians (300 primary care physicians, 100 obstetricians/gynecologists, and 100 cardiologists) used a standardized questionnaire to assess awareness of, adoption of, and barriers to national CVD prevention guidelines by specialty. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
An experimental case study design tested physician accuracy and determinants of CVD risk level assignment and application of guidelines among high-, intermediate-, or low-risk patients. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Intermediate-risk women, as assessed by the Framingham risk score, were significantly more likely to be assigned to a lower-risk category by primary care physicians than men with identical risk profiles (P<0.0001), and trends were similar for obstetricians/gynecologists and cardiologists. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Assignment of risk level significantly predicted recommendations for lifestyle and preventive pharmacotherapy. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
After adjustment for risk assignment, the impact of patient gender on preventive care was not significant except for less aspirin (P<0.01) and more weight management recommended (P<0.04) for intermediate-risk women. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Physicians did not rate themselves as very effective in their ability to help patients prevent CVD. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Fewer than 1 in 5 physicians knew that more women than men die each year from CVD. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Perception of risk was the primary factor associated with CVD preventive recommendations. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Gender disparities in recommendations for preventive therapy were explained largely by the lower perceived risk despite similar calculated risk for women versus men. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Educational interventions for physicians are needed to improve the quality of CVD preventive care and lower morbidity and mortality from CVD for men and women. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Unhealthy behaviours often occur in combination. 	 BACKGROUND
In this study the relationship between education and lifestyle, defined as a cluster of risk behaviours, has been analysed with the purpose to assess socio-economic changes in multiple risk behaviour over time. 	 BACKGROUND
Cross-sectional data from the Belgian Health Interview Surveys 1997, 2001 and 2004 were analysed. 	 METHODS
This study is restricted to persons aged ≥ 15 years with information on those health behaviours and education (n = 7431, n = 8142 and n = 7459, respectively). 	 METHODS
A lifestyle index was created based on the sum of the four unhealthy behaviours: smokers vs. non-smokers, risky versus non-risky alcohol use, sedentaryness vs. physically active and poor vs. healthy diet. 	 METHODS
The lifestyle index was dichotomized as low (0-2) vs. high (3-4). 	 METHODS
For the assessment of socio-economic inequalities in multiple risk behaviour, summary measures as Odds Ratio (OR) and Relative Index of Inequality (RII) were calculated using logistic regression, stratified by sex. 	 METHODS
Of the adult population, 7.5% combined three to four unhealthy behaviours. 	 RESULTS
Lower educated men are the most at risk. 	 RESULTS
Besides, the OR among men significantly increased from 1.6 in 2001 to 3.4 in 2004 (P = 0.029). 	 RESULTS
The increase of the OR among women was less pronounced. 	 RESULTS
The RII, on the other hand, did not show any gradient, neither for men nor for women. 	 RESULTS
Multiple risk behaviour is more common among lower educated people. 	 CONCLUSION
An increasing polarization in socio-economic inequalities is assessed from 2001 to 2004 among men. 	 CONCLUSION
Therefore, health promotion programmes should focus on the lower socio-economic classes and target risk behaviours simultaneously. 	 CONCLUSION
The aim of this study was to examine health-related quality of life (HRQoL) as measured by EQ-5D and to investigate the influence of chronic conditions and other risk factors on HRQoL based on a distributed sample located in Shaanxi Province, China. 	 INTRODUCTION
A multi-stage stratified cluster sampling method was performed to select subjects. 	 METHODS
EQ-5D was employed to measure the HRQoL. The likelihood that individuals with selected chronic diseases would report any problem in the EQ-5D dimensions was calculated and tested relative to that of each of the two reference groups. 	 METHODS
Multivariable linear regression models were used to investigate factors associated with EQ VAS. 	 METHODS
The most frequently reported problems involved pain/discomfort (8.8%) and anxiety/depression (7.6%). 	 RESULTS
Nearly half of the respondents who reported problems in any of the five dimensions were chronic patients. 	 RESULTS
Higher EQ VAS scores were associated with the male gender, higher level of education, employment, younger age, an urban area of residence, access to free medical service and higher levels of physical activity. 	 RESULTS
Except for anemia, all the selected chronic diseases were indicative of a negative EQ VAS score. 	 RESULTS
The three leading risk factors were cerebrovascular disease, cancer and mental disease. 	 RESULTS
Increases in age, number of chronic conditions and frequency of physical activity were found to have a gradient effect. 	 RESULTS
The results of the present work add to the volume of knowledge regarding population health status in this area, apart from the known health status using mortality and morbidity data. 	 CONCLUSION
Medical, policy, social and individual attention should be given to the management of chronic diseases and improvement of HRQoL. Longitudinal studies must be performed to monitor changes in HRQoL and to permit evaluation of the outcomes of chronic disease intervention programs. 	 CONCLUSION
Many protein-coding oncofetal genes are highly expressed in murine and human fetal liver and silenced in adult liver. 	 UNLABELLED
The protein products of these hepatic oncofetal genes have been used as clinical markers for the recurrence of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) and as therapeutic targets for HCC. 	 UNLABELLED
Herein we examined the expression profiles of long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) found in fetal and adult liver in mice. 	 UNLABELLED
Many fetal hepatic lncRNAs were identified; one of these, lncRNA-mPvt1, is an oncofetal RNA that was found to promote cell proliferation, cell cycling, and the expression of stem cell-like properties of murine cells. 	 UNLABELLED
Interestingly, we found that human lncRNA-hPVT1 was up-regulated in HCC tissues and that patients with higher lncRNA-hPVT1 expression had a poor clinical prognosis. 	 UNLABELLED
The protumorigenic effects of lncRNA-hPVT1 on cell proliferation, cell cycling, and stem cell-like properties of HCC cells were confirmed both in vitro and in vivo by gain-of-function and loss-of-function experiments. 	 UNLABELLED
Moreover, mRNA expression profile data showed that lncRNA-hPVT1 up-regulated a series of cell cycle genes in SMMC-7721 cells. 	 UNLABELLED
By RNA pulldown and mass spectrum experiments, we identified NOP2 as an RNA-binding protein that binds to lncRNA-hPVT1. 	 UNLABELLED
We confirmed that lncRNA-hPVT1 up-regulated NOP2 by enhancing the stability of NOP2 proteins and that lncRNA-hPVT1 function depends on the presence of NOP2. 	 UNLABELLED
Our study demonstrates that the expression of many lncRNAs is up-regulated in early liver development and that the fetal liver can be used to search for new diagnostic markers for HCC. 	 CONCLUSION
LncRNA-hPVT1 promotes cell proliferation, cell cycling, and the acquisition of stem cell-like properties in HCC cells by stabilizing NOP2 protein. 	 CONCLUSION
Regulation of the lncRNA-hPVT1/NOP2 pathway may have beneficial effects on the treatment of HCC. 	 CONCLUSION
Experimental evidence suggests that 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D and its precursor, 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D], may aid in the prevention of colorectal cancer. 	 OBJECTIVE
We therefore examined risk in relation to plasma concentrations of these vitamin D metabolites. 	 OBJECTIVE
In a nested case-control study among women in the Nurses' Health Study, we identified 193 colorectal cancer cases, ages 46 to 78 years, diagnosed up to 11 years after blood collection. 	 METHODS
Two controls were matched per case on year of birth and month of blood draw. 	 METHODS
Odds ratios (OR) for risk of colorectal cancer were calculated using conditional logistic regression adjusted for body mass index, physical activity, smoking, family history, use of hormone replacement therapy, aspirin use, and dietary intakes. 	 METHODS
We found a significant inverse linear association between plasma 25(OH)D and risk of colorectal cancer (P = 0.02). 	 RESULTS
Among women in the highest quintile, the OR (95% confidence interval) was 0.53 (0.27-1.04). 	 RESULTS
This inverse association remained strong when limited to women > or =60 years at blood collection (P = 0.006) but was not apparent among the younger women (P = 0.70). 	 RESULTS
Benefit from higher 25(OH)D concentrations was observed for cancers at the distal colon and rectum (P = 0.02) but was not evident for those at the proximal colon (P = 0.81). 	 RESULTS
In contrast to 25(OH)D, we did not observe an association between 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D and colorectal cancer, although risk was elevated among the women in the highest quintile if they were also in the lower half of the 25(OH)D distribution (OR, 2.52; 95% confidence interval, 1.04-6.11). 	 RESULTS
From these results and supporting evidence from previous studies, we conclude that higher plasma levels of 25(OH)D are associated with a lower risk of colorectal cancer in older women, particularly for cancers at the distal colon and rectum. 	 CONCLUSION
Healthy life expectancy (HALE) and disability-adjusted life-years (DALYs) provide summary measures of health across geographies and time that can inform assessments of epidemiological patterns and health system performance, help to prioritise investments in research and development, and monitor progress toward the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). 	 BACKGROUND
We aimed to provide updated HALE and DALYs for geographies worldwide and evaluate how disease burden changes with development. 	 BACKGROUND
We used results from the Global Burden of Diseases, Injuries, and Risk Factors Study 2015 (GBD 2015) for all-cause mortality, cause-specific mortality, and non-fatal disease burden to derive HALE and DALYs by sex for 195 countries and territories from 1990 to 2015. 	 METHODS
We calculated DALYs by summing years of life lost (YLLs) and years of life lived with disability (YLDs) for each geography, age group, sex, and year. 	 METHODS
We estimated HALE using the Sullivan method, which draws from age-specific death rates and YLDs per capita. 	 METHODS
We then assessed how observed levels of DALYs and HALE differed from expected trends calculated with the Socio-demographic Index (SDI), a composite indicator constructed from measures of income per capita, average years of schooling, and total fertility rate. 	 METHODS
Total global DALYs remained largely unchanged from 1990 to 2015, with decreases in communicable, neonatal, maternal, and nutritional (Group 1) disease DALYs offset by increased DALYs due to non-communicable diseases (NCDs). 	 FINDINGS
Much of this epidemiological transition was caused by changes in population growth and ageing, but it was accelerated by widespread improvements in SDI that also correlated strongly with the increasing importance of NCDs. 	 FINDINGS
Both total DALYs and age-standardised DALY rates due to most Group 1 causes significantly decreased by 2015, and although total burden climbed for the majority of NCDs, age-standardised DALY rates due to NCDs declined. 	 FINDINGS
Nonetheless, age-standardised DALY rates due to several high-burden NCDs (including osteoarthritis, drug use disorders, depression, diabetes, congenital birth defects, and skin, oral, and sense organ diseases) either increased or remained unchanged, leading to increases in their relative ranking in many geographies. 	 FINDINGS
From 2005 to 2015, HALE at birth increased by an average of 2·9 years (95% uncertainty interval 2·9-3·0) for men and 3·5 years (3·4-3·7) for women, while HALE at age 65 years improved by 0·85 years (0·78-0·92) and 1·2 years (1·1-1·3), respectively. 	 FINDINGS
Rising SDI was associated with consistently higher HALE and a somewhat smaller proportion of life spent with functional health loss; however, rising SDI was related to increases in total disability. 	 FINDINGS
Many countries and territories in central America and eastern sub-Saharan Africa had increasingly lower rates of disease burden than expected given their SDI. 	 FINDINGS
At the same time, a subset of geographies recorded a growing gap between observed and expected levels of DALYs, a trend driven mainly by rising burden due to war, interpersonal violence, and various NCDs. 	 FINDINGS
Health is improving globally, but this means more populations are spending more time with functional health loss, an absolute expansion of morbidity. 	 INTERPRETATION
The proportion of life spent in ill health decreases somewhat with increasing SDI, a relative compression of morbidity, which supports continued efforts to elevate personal income, improve education, and limit fertility. 	 INTERPRETATION
Our analysis of DALYs and HALE and their relationship to SDI represents a robust framework on which to benchmark geography-specific health performance and SDG progress. 	 INTERPRETATION
Country-specific drivers of disease burden, particularly for causes with higher-than-expected DALYs, should inform financial and research investments, prevention efforts, health policies, and health system improvement initiatives for all countries along the development continuum. 	 INTERPRETATION
Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. 	 FUNDING
Human T-cell leukemia virus-associated adult T-cell leukemia-lymphoma (ATLL) has a very poor prognosis, despite trials of a variety of different treatment regimens. 	 BACKGROUND
Virus expression has been reported to be limited or absent when ATLL is diagnosed, and this has suggested that secondary genetic or epigenetic changes are important in disease pathogenesis. 	 BACKGROUND
We prospectively investigated combination chemotherapy followed by antiretroviral therapy for this disorder. 	 METHODS
Nineteen patients were prospectively enrolled between 2002 and 2006 at five medical centers in a phase II clinical trial of infusional chemotherapy with etoposide, doxorubicin, and vincristine, daily prednisone, and bolus cyclophosphamide (EPOCH) given for two to six cycles until maximal clinical response, and followed by antiviral therapy with daily zidovudine, lamivudine, and alpha interferon-2a for up to one year. 	 METHODS
Seven patients were on study for less than one month due to progressive disease or chemotherapy toxicity. 	 RESULTS
Eleven patients achieved an objective response with median duration of response of thirteen months, and two complete remissions. 	 RESULTS
During chemotherapy induction, viral RNA expression increased (median 190-fold), and virus replication occurred, coincident with development of disease progression. 	 RESULTS
chemotherapy followed by antiretroviral therapy is an active therapeutic regimen for adult T-cell leukemia-lymphoma, but viral reactivation during induction chemotherapy may contribute to treatment failure. 	 CONCLUSIONS EPOCH
Alternative therapies are sorely needed in this disease that simultaneously prevent virus expression, and are cytocidal for malignant cells. 	 CONCLUSIONS EPOCH
To assess the effect of montelukast versus salmeterol added to inhaled fluticasone propionate on asthma exacerbation in patients whose symptoms are inadequately controlled with fluticasone alone. 	 OBJECTIVES
Design and setting A 52 week, two period, double blind, multicentre trial during which patients whose symptoms remained uncontrolled by inhaled corticosteroids were randomised to add montelukast or salmeterol. 	 OBJECTIVES
Patients (15-72 years; n = 1490) had a clinical history of chronic asthma for > or = 1 year, a baseline forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) value 50-90% predicted, and a beta agonist improvement of > or = 12% in FEV1. 	 PARTICIPANTS
The primary end point was the percentage of patients with at least one asthma exacerbation. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
20.1% of the patients in the group receiving montelukast and fluticasone had an asthma exacerbation compared with 19.1% in the group receiving salmeterol and fluticasone; the difference was 1% (95% confidence interval -3.1% to 5.0%). 	 RESULTS
With a risk ratio (montelukast-fluticasone/salmeterol-fluticasone) of 1.05 (0.86 to 1.29), treatment with montelukast and fluticasone was shown to be non-inferior to treatment with salmeterol and fluticasone. 	 RESULTS
Salmeterol and fluticasone significantly increased FEV1 before a beta agonist was used and morning peak expiratory flow compared with montelukast and fluticasone (P < or = 0.001), whereas FEV1 after a beta agonist was used and improvements in asthma specific quality of life and nocturnal awakenings were similar between the groups. 	 RESULTS
Montelukast and fluticasone significantly (P = 0.011) reduced peripheral blood eosinophil counts compared with salmeterol and fluticasone. 	 RESULTS
Both treatments were generally well tolerated. 	 RESULTS
The addition of montelukast in patients whose symptoms remain uncontrolled by inhaled fluticasone could provide equivalent clinical control to salmeterol. 	 CONCLUSION
Asthma prevalence appears to be increasing in the general population. 	 BACKGROUND
We sought to determine whether asthma prevalence has also increased in highly competitive athletes. 	 BACKGROUND
Our aim was to determine how many United States Olympic athletes who were chosen to participate in the 1996 Summer Olympic Games had a past history of asthma or symptoms that suggested asthma or took asthma medications. 	 OBJECTIVE
We analyzed responses to questions that asked about allergic and respiratory diseases on the United States Olympic Committee (USOC) Medical History Questionnaire that was completed by all athletes who were chosen to represent the US at the 1996 Summer Olympic Games in Atlanta. 	 METHODS
Of the 699 athletes who completed the questionnaire, 107 (15.3%) had a previous diagnosis of asthma, and 97 (13.9%) recorded use of an asthma medication at some time in the past. 	 RESULTS
One hundred seventeen (16.7%) reported use of an asthma medication, a diagnosis of asthma, or both (which was our basis for the diagnosis of asthma). 	 RESULTS
Seventy-three (10. 4%) of the athletes were currently taking an asthma medication at the time that they were processed in Atlanta or noted that they took asthma medications on a permanent or semipermanent basis and were considered to have active asthma. 	 RESULTS
Athletes who participated in cycling and mountain biking had the highest prevalence of having been told that they had asthma or had taken an asthma medication in the past (50%). 	 RESULTS
Frequency of active asthma varied from 45% of cyclists and emountain bikers to none of the divers and weight lifters. 	 RESULTS
Only about 11% of the athletes who participated in the 1984 Summer Olympic Games were reported to have had exercise-induced asthma on the basis of other criteria that may have been less restrictive. 	 RESULTS
On the basis of these less restrictive criteria, more than 20% of the athletes who participated in the 1996 Olympic Games might have been considered to have had asthma. 	 RESULTS
Asthma appeared to have been more prevalent in athletes who participated in the 1996 Summer Games than in the general population or in those who participated in the 1984 Summer Games. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This study also suggests that asthma may influence the sport that an athlete chooses. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Frontotemporal lobar degeneration (FTLD) is clinically and pathologically heterogeneous. 	 AIMS
Although associated with variations in MAPT, GRN and C9ORF72, the pathogenesis of these, and of other nongenetic, forms of FTLD, remains unknown. 	 AIMS
Epigenetic factors such as histone regulation by histone deacetylases (HDAC) may play a role in the dysregulation of transcriptional activity, thought to underpin the neurodegenerative process. 	 AIMS
The distribution and intensity of HDACs 4, 5 and 6 was assessed semi-quantitatively in immunostained sections of temporal cortex with hippocampus, and cerebellum, from 33 pathologically confirmed cases of FTLD and 27 controls. 	 METHODS
We found a significantly greater intensity of cytoplasmic immunostaining for HDAC4 and HDAC6 in granule cells of the dentate gyrus in cases of FTLD overall compared with controls, and specifically in cases of FTLD tau-Picks compared with FTLD tau-MAPT and controls. 	 RESULTS
No differences were noted between FTLD-TDP subtypes, or between the different genetic and nongenetic forms of FTLD. 	 RESULTS
No changes were seen in HDAC5 in any FTLD or control cases. 	 RESULTS
Dysregulation of HDAC4 and/or HDAC6 could play a role in the pathogenesis of FTLD-tau associated with Pick bodies, although their lack of immunostaining implies that such changes do not contribute directly to the formation of Pick bodies. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Improving the design and implementation of evidence-based practice depends on successful behaviour change interventions. 	 BACKGROUND
This requires an appropriate method for characterising interventions and linking them to an analysis of the targeted behaviour. 	 BACKGROUND
There exists a plethora of frameworks of behaviour change interventions, but it is not clear how well they serve this purpose. 	 BACKGROUND
This paper evaluates these frameworks, and develops and evaluates a new framework aimed at overcoming their limitations. 	 BACKGROUND
A systematic search of electronic databases and consultation with behaviour change experts were used to identify frameworks of behaviour change interventions. 	 METHODS
These were evaluated according to three criteria: comprehensiveness, coherence, and a clear link to an overarching model of behaviour. 	 METHODS
A new framework was developed to meet these criteria. 	 METHODS
The reliability with which it could be applied was examined in two domains of behaviour change: tobacco control and obesity. 	 METHODS
Nineteen frameworks were identified covering nine intervention functions and seven policy categories that could enable those interventions. 	 RESULTS
None of the frameworks reviewed covered the full range of intervention functions or policies, and only a minority met the criteria of coherence or linkage to a model of behaviour. 	 RESULTS
At the centre of a proposed new framework is a 'behaviour system' involving three essential conditions: capability, opportunity, and motivation (what we term the 'COM-B system'). 	 RESULTS
This forms the hub of a 'behaviour change wheel' (BCW) around which are positioned the nine intervention functions aimed at addressing deficits in one or more of these conditions; around this are placed seven categories of policy that could enable those interventions to occur. 	 RESULTS
The BCW was used reliably to characterise interventions within the English Department of Health's 2010 tobacco control strategy and the National Institute of Health and Clinical Excellence's guidance on reducing obesity. 	 RESULTS
Interventions and policies to change behaviour can be usefully characterised by means of a BCW comprising: a 'behaviour system' at the hub, encircled by intervention functions and then by policy categories. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Research is needed to establish how far the BCW can lead to more efficient design of effective interventions. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Few studies have compared long-term status of bypass grafts between patients with and without diabetes, and uncertainty exists as to whether diabetes independently predicts poor clinical outcome after CABG. 	 BACKGROUND
Among 1526 patients in BARI who underwent CABG as initial revascularization, 99 of 292 (34%) with treated diabetes mellitus (TDM) (those on insulin or oral hypoglycemic agents) and 469 of 1234 (38%) without TDM had follow-up angiography. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Angiograms with the longest interval from initial surgery and before any percutaneous graft intervention (mean 3.9 years) were reviewed. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
An average of 3.0 grafts were placed at initial CABG for patients with TDM (n=297; internal mammary artery [IMA], 33%) and 2.9 grafts for patients without TDM (n=1347; IMA, 34%). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Patients with TDM were more likely than those without to have small (<1.5 mm) grafted distal vessels (29% versus 22%) and vessels of poor quality (9% versus 6%). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
On follow-up angiography, 89% of IMA grafts were free of stenoses > or =50% among patients with TDM versus 85% among patients without TDM (P=0.23). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
For vein grafts, the corresponding percentages were 71% versus 75% (P=0.40). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
After statistical adjustment, TDM was unrelated to having a graft stenosis > or =50% (adjusted odds ratio, 0.87; 95% CI, 0.58 to 1.32). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Despite diabetic patients' having smaller distal vessels and vessels judged to be of poorer quality, diabetes does not appear to adversely affect patency of IMA or vein grafts over an average of 4-year follow-up. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Previously observed differences in survival between CABG-treated patients with and without diabetes may be largely a result of differential risk of mortality from noncardiac causes. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Open chromatin regions are correlated with active regulatory elements in development and are dysregulated in diseases. 	 BACKGROUND
The BAF (SWI/SNF) complex is essential for development, and has been demonstrated to remodel reconstituted chromatin in vitro and to control the accessibility of a few individual regions in vivo. 	 BACKGROUND
However, it remains unclear where and how BAF controls the open chromatin landscape to regulate developmental processes, such as human epidermal differentiation. 	 BACKGROUND
Using a novel "on-plate" ATAC-sequencing approach for profiling open chromatin landscapes with a low number of adherent cells, we demonstrate that the BAF complex is essential for maintaining 11.6 % of open chromatin regions in epidermal differentiation. 	 RESULTS
These BAF-dependent open chromatin regions are highly cell-type-specific and are strongly enriched for binding sites for p63, a master epidermal transcription factor. 	 RESULTS
The DNA sequences of p63 binding sites intrinsically favor nucleosome formation and are inaccessible in other cell types without p63 to prevent ectopic activation. 	 RESULTS
In epidermal cells, BAF and p63 mutually recruit each other to maintain 14,853 open chromatin regions. 	 RESULTS
We further demonstrate that BAF and p63 cooperatively position nucleosomes away from p63 binding sites and recruit transcriptional machinery to control tissue differentiation. 	 RESULTS
displays high specificity in controlling the open chromatin landscape during epidermal differentiation by cooperating with the master transcription factor p63 to maintain lineage-specific open chromatin regions. 	 CONCLUSIONS BAF
A reduction in compliance of the large-sized cardiothoracic (central) arteries is an independent risk factor for the development of cardiovascular disease with advancing age. 	 BACKGROUND
We determined the role of habitual exercise on the age-related decrease in central arterial compliance by using both cross-sectional and interventional approaches. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
First, we studied 151 healthy men aged 18 to 77 years: 54 were sedentary, 45 were recreationally active, and 53 were endurance exercise-trained. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Central arterial compliance (simultaneous B-mode ultrasound and arterial applanation tonometry on the common carotid artery) was lower (P:<0.05) in middle-aged and older men than in young men in all 3 groups. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
There were no significant differences between sedentary and recreationally active men at any age. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
However, arterial compliance in the endurance-trained middle-aged and older men was 20% to 35% higher than in the 2 less active groups (P:<0.01). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
As such, age-related differences in central arterial compliance were smaller in the endurance-trained men than in the sedentary and recreationally active men. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Second, we studied 20 middle-aged and older (53+/-2 years) sedentary healthy men before and after a 3-month aerobic exercise intervention (primarily walking). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Regular exercise increased central arterial compliance (P:<0.01) to levels similar to those of the middle-aged and older endurance-trained men. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
These effects were independent of changes in body mass, adiposity, arterial blood pressure, or maximal oxygen consumption. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Regular aerobic-endurance exercise attenuates age-related reductions in central arterial compliance and restores levels in previously sedentary healthy middle-aged and older men. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This may be one mechanism by which habitual exercise lowers the risk of cardiovascular disease in this population. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To determine whether higher past exposure to particulate air pollution is associated with prevalent high symptoms of anxiety. 	 OBJECTIVE
Observational cohort study. 	 DESIGN
Nurses' Health Study. 	 SETTING
71,271 women enrolled in the Nurses' Health Study residing throughout the contiguous United States who had valid estimates on exposure to particulate matter for at least one exposure period of interest and data on anxiety symptoms. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Meaningfully high symptoms of anxiety, defined as a score of 6 points or greater on the phobic anxiety subscale of the Crown-Crisp index, administered in 2004. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
The 71,271 eligible women were aged between 57 and 85 years (mean 70 years) at the time of assessment of anxiety symptoms, with a prevalence of high anxiety symptoms of 15%. 	 RESULTS
Exposure to particulate matter was characterized using estimated average exposure to particulate matter <2.5 μm in diameter (PM2.5) and 2.5 to 10 μm in diameter (PM2.5-10) in the one month, three months, six months, one year, and 15 years prior to assessment of anxiety symptoms, and residential distance to the nearest major road two years prior to assessment. 	 RESULTS
Significantly increased odds of high anxiety symptoms were observed with higher exposure to PM2.5 for multiple averaging periods (for example, odds ratio per 10 µg/m(3) increase in prior one month average PM2.5: 1.12, 95% confidence interval 1.06 to 1.19; in prior 12 month average PM2.5: 1.15, 1.06 to 1.26). 	 RESULTS
Models including multiple exposure windows suggested short term averaging periods were more relevant than long term averaging periods. 	 RESULTS
There was no association between anxiety and exposure to PM2.5-10. 	 RESULTS
Residential proximity to major roads was not related to anxiety symptoms in a dose dependent manner. 	 RESULTS
Exposure to fine particulate matter (PM2.5) was associated with high symptoms of anxiety, with more recent exposures potentially more relevant than more distant exposures. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Research evaluating whether reductions in exposure to ambient PM2.5 would reduce the population level burden of clinically relevant symptoms of anxiety is warranted. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Human papillomavirus (HPV) has been associated with cervical intraepithelial neoplasia, but the temporal relation between the infection and the neoplasia remains unclear, as does the relative importance of the specific type of HPV, other sexually transmitted diseases, and other risk factors. 	 BACKGROUND
We studied prospectively a cohort of 241 women who presented for evaluation of sexually transmitted disease and had negative cervical cytologic tests. 	 METHODS
The women were followed every four months with cytologic and colposcopic examinations of the uterine cervix and tests for HPV DNA and other sexually transmitted diseases. 	 METHODS
Cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 2 or 3 was confirmed by biopsy in 28 women. 	 RESULTS
On the basis of survival analysis, the cumulative incidence of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia at two years was 28 percent among women with a positive test for HPV and 3 percent among those without detectable HPV DNA: The risk was highest among those with HPV type 16 or 18 infection (adjusted relative risk as compared with that in women without HPV infection, 11; 95 percent confidence interval, 4.6 to 26; attributable risk, 52 percent). 	 RESULTS
All 24 cases of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 2 or 3 among HPV-positive women were detected within 24 months after the first positive test for HPV. 	 RESULTS
After adjustment for the presence of HPV infection, the development of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia was also associated with younger age at first intercourse, the presence of serum antibodies to Chlamydia trachomatis, the presence of serum antibodies to cytomegalovirus, and cervical infection with Neisseria gonorrhoeae. 	 RESULTS
Cervical intraepithelial neoplasia is a common and apparently early manifestation of cervical infection by HPV, particularly types 16 and 18. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To assess the robustness of patient responses to a new national survey of patient experience as a basis for providing financial incentives to doctors. 	 OBJECTIVE
Analysis of the representativeness of the respondents to the GP Patient Survey compared with those who were sampled (5.5 million patients registered with 8273 general practices in England in January 2009) and with the general population. 	 DESIGN
Analysis of non-response bias looked at the relation between practice response rates and scores on the survey. 	 DESIGN
Analysis of the reliability of the survey estimated the proportion of the variance of practice scores attributable to true differences between practices. 	 DESIGN
The overall response rate was 38.2% (2.2 million responses), which is comparable to that in surveys using similar methodology in the UK. 	 RESULTS
Men, young adults, and people living in deprived areas were under-represented among respondents. 	 RESULTS
However, for questions related to pay for performance, there was no systematic association between response rates and questionnaire scores. 	 RESULTS
Two questions which triggered payments to general practitioners were reliable measures of practice performance, with average practice-level reliability coefficients of 93.2% and 95.0%. 	 RESULTS
Less than 3% and 0.5% of practices had fewer than the number of responses required to achieve conventional reliability levels of 90% and 70%. 	 RESULTS
A change to the payment formula in 2009 resulted in an increase in the average impact of random variation in patient scores on payments to general practitioners compared with payments made in 2007 and 2008. 	 RESULTS
There is little evidence to support the concern of some general practitioners that low response rates and selective non-response bias have led to systematic unfairness in payments attached to questionnaire scores. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The study raises issues relating to the validity and reliability of payments based on patient surveys and provides lessons for the UK and for other countries considering the use of patient experience as part of pay for performance schemes. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Low alcohol labels are a set of labels that carry descriptors such as 'low' or 'lighter' to denote alcohol content in beverages. 	 OBJECTIVES
There is growing interest from policymakers and producers in lower strength alcohol products. 	 OBJECTIVES
However, there is a lack of evidence on how the general population perceives verbal descriptors of strength. 	 OBJECTIVES
The present research examines consumers' perceptions of strength (% ABV) and appeal of alcohol products using low or high alcohol verbal descriptors. 	 OBJECTIVES
A within-subjects experimental study in which participants rated the strength and appeal of 18 terms denoting low (nine terms), high (eight terms) and regular (one term) strengths for either (1) wine or (2) beer according to drinking preference. 	 DESIGN
Thousand six hundred adults (796 wine and 804 beer drinkers) sampled from a nationally representative UK panel. 	 METHODS
Low, Lower, Light, Lighter, and Reduced formed a cluster and were rated as denoting lower strength products than Regular, but higher strength than the cluster with intensifiers consisting of Extra Low, Super Low, Extra Light, and Super Light. 	 RESULTS
Similar clustering in perceived strength was observed amongst the high verbal descriptors. 	 RESULTS
Regular was the most appealing strength descriptor, with the low and high verbal descriptors using intensifiers rated least appealing. 	 RESULTS
The perceived strength and appeal of alcohol products diminished the more the verbal descriptors implied a deviation from Regular. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The implications of these findings are discussed in terms of policy implications for lower strength alcohol labelling and associated public health outcomes. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Statement of contribution What is already known about this subject? 	 CONCLUSIONS
Current UK and EU legislation limits the number of low strength verbal descriptors and the associated alcohol by volume (ABV) to 1.2% ABV and lower. 	 CONCLUSIONS
There is growing interest from policymakers and producers to extend the range of lower strength alcohol products above the current cap of 1.2% ABV set out in national legislation. 	 CONCLUSIONS
There is a lack of evidence on how the general population perceives verbal descriptors of alcohol product strength (both low and high). 	 CONCLUSIONS
What does this study add? 	 CONCLUSIONS
Verbal descriptors of lower strength wine and beer form two clusters and effectively communicate reduced alcohol content. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Low, Lower, Light, Lighter, and Reduced were considered lower in strength than Regular (average % ABV). 	 CONCLUSIONS
Descriptors using intensifiers (Extra Low, Super Low, Extra Light, and Super Light) were considered lowest in strength. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Similar clustering in perceived strength was observed amongst the high verbal descriptors. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The appeal of alcohol products reduced the more the verbal descriptors implied a deviation from Regular. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Capsule endoscopy may play a role in the evaluation of patients presenting with acute upper gastrointestinal hemorrhage in the emergency department. 	 BACKGROUND AND STUDY AIMS
We evaluated adults with acute upper gastrointestinal hemorrhage presenting to the emergency departments of two academic centers. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Patients ingested a wireless video capsule, which was followed immediately by a nasogastric tube aspiration and later by esophagogastroduodenoscopy (EGD). 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
We compared capsule endoscopy with nasogastric tube aspiration for determination of the presence of blood, and with EGD for discrimination of the source of bleeding, identification of peptic/inflammatory lesions, safety, and patient satisfaction. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
The study enrolled 49 patients (32 men, 17 women; mean age 58.3 ± 19 years), but three patients did not complete the capsule endoscopy and five were intolerant of the nasogastric tube. 	 RESULTS
Blood was detected in the upper gastrointestinal tract significantly more often by capsule endoscopy (15 /18 [83.3 %]) than by nasogastric tube aspiration (6 /18 [33.3 %]; P = 0.035). 	 RESULTS
There was no significant difference in the identification of peptic/inflammatory lesions between capsule endoscopy (27 /40 [67.5 %]) and EGD (35 /40 [87.5 %]; P = 0.10, OR 0.39 95 %CI 0.11 - 1.15). 	 RESULTS
Capsule endoscopy reached the duodenum in 45 /46 patients (98 %). 	 RESULTS
One patient (2.2 %) had self-limited shortness of breath and one (2.2 %) had coughing on capsule ingestion. 	 RESULTS
In an emergency department setting, capsule endoscopy appears feasible and safe in people presenting with acute upper gastrointestinal hemorrhage. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Capsule endoscopy identifies gross blood in the upper gastrointestinal tract, including the duodenum, significantly more often than nasogastric tube aspiration and identifies inflammatory lesions, as well as EGD. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Capsule endoscopy may facilitate patient triage and earlier endoscopy, but should not be considered a substitute for EGD. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Alcohol is a contributing cause of unintentional injuries, such as motor vehicle crashes. 	 BACKGROUND
Prior research on the association between alcohol use and violent injury was limited to survey-based data, and the inclusion of cases from a single trauma centre, without adequate controls. 	 BACKGROUND
Beyond these limitations was the inability of prior researchers to comprehensively capture most alcohol sales. 	 BACKGROUND
In Ontario, most alcohol is sold through retail outlets run by the provincial government, and hospitals are financed under a provincial health care system. 	 BACKGROUND
We assessed the risk of being hospitalized due to assault in association with retail alcohol sales across Ontario. 	 BACKGROUND
We performed a population-based case-crossover analysis of all persons aged 13 years and older hospitalized for assault in Ontario from 1 April 2002 to 1 December 2004. 	 METHODS
On the day prior to each assault case's hospitalization, the volume of alcohol sold at the store in closest proximity to the victim's home was compared to the volume of alcohol sold at the same store 7 d earlier. 	 METHODS
Conditional logistic regression analysis was used to determine the associated relative risk (RR) of assault per 1,000 l higher daily sales of alcohol. 	 METHODS
Of the 3,212 persons admitted to hospital for assault, nearly 25% were between the ages of 13 and 20 y, and 83% were male. 	 RESULTS
A total of 1,150 assaults (36%) involved the use of a sharp or blunt weapon, and 1,532 (48%) arose during an unarmed brawl or fight. 	 RESULTS
For every 1,000 l more of alcohol sold per store per day, the relative risk of being hospitalized for assault was 1.13 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.02-1.26). 	 RESULTS
The risk was accentuated for males (1.18, 95% CI 1.05-1.33), youth aged 13 to 20 y (1.21, 95% CI 0.99-1.46), and those in urban areas (1.19, 95% CI 1.06-1.35). 	 RESULTS
The risk of being a victim of serious assault increases with alcohol sales, especially among young urban men. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Akin to reducing the risk of driving while impaired, consideration should be given to novel methods of preventing alcohol-related violence. 	 CONCLUSIONS
& AIMS Tumor cells survive hypoxic conditions by inducing autophagy. 	 BACKGROUND
We investigated the roles of microRNAs (miRNAs) in regulating autophagy of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) cells under hypoxic conditions. 	 BACKGROUND
We used gain- and loss-of-function methods to evaluate the effect of miRNAs on autophagy in human HCC cell lines (Huh7 and Hep3B) under hypoxic conditions. 	 METHODS
Autophagy was quantified by immunoblot, immunofluoresence, and transmission electron microscopy analyses, and after incubation of cells with bafilomycin A1. 	 METHODS
We used a luciferase reporter assay to confirm associations between miRNAs and their targets. 	 METHODS
We analyzed growth of HCC xenograft tumors in nude mice. 	 METHODS
miR-375 was down-regulated in HCC cells and tissues; it inhibited autophagy under hypoxic conditions by suppressing the conversion of LC3I to LC3II and thereby autophagic flux. 	 RESULTS
The ability of miR-375 to inhibit autophagy was independent of its ability to regulate 3'-phosphoinositide-dependent protein kinase-1-AKT-mammalian target of rapamycin signaling, but instead involved suppression of ATG7, an autophagy-associated gene. 	 RESULTS
miR-375 bound directly to a predicted site in the 3' untranslated region of ATG7. 	 RESULTS
Up-regulating miR-375 or down-regulating ATG7 inhibited mitochondrial autophagy of HCC cells, reduced the elimination of damaged mitochondria under hypoxia, increased release of mitochondrial apoptotic proteins, and reduced viability of HCC cells. 	 RESULTS
In mice, xenograft tumors that expressed miR-375 had fewer autophagic cells, larger areas of necrosis, and grew more slowly than tumors from HCC cells that expressed lower levels of miR-375. 	 RESULTS
miR-375 inhibits autophagy by reducing expression of ATG7 and impairs viability of HCC cells under hypoxic conditions in culture and in mice. 	 CONCLUSIONS
miRNAs that inhibit autophagy of cancer cells might be developed as therapeutics. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Health care applications of autoidentification technologies, such as radio frequency identification (RFID), have been proposed to improve patient safety and also the tracking and tracing of medical equipment. 	 CONTEXT
However, electromagnetic interference (EMI) by RFID on medical devices has never been reported. 	 CONTEXT
To assess and classify incidents of EMI by RFID on critical care equipment. 	 OBJECTIVE
Without a patient being connected, EMI by 2 RFID systems (active 125 kHz and passive 868 MHz) was assessed under controlled conditions during May 2006, in the proximity of 41 medical devices (in 17 categories, 22 different manufacturers) at the Academic Medical Centre, University of Amsterdam, Amsterdam, The Netherlands. 	 DESIGN AND SETTING
Assessment took place according to an international test protocol. 	 DESIGN AND SETTING
Incidents of EMI were classified according to a critical care adverse events scale as hazardous, significant, or light. 	 DESIGN AND SETTING
In 123 EMI tests (3 per medical device), RFID induced 34 EMI incidents: 22 were classified as hazardous, 2 as significant, and 10 as light. 	 RESULTS
The passive 868-MHz RFID signal induced a higher number of incidents (26 incidents in 41 EMI tests; 63%) compared with the active 125-kHz RFID signal (8 incidents in 41 EMI tests; 20%); difference 44% (95% confidence interval, 27%-53%; P < .001). 	 RESULTS
The passive 868-MHz RFID signal induced EMI in 26 medical devices, including 8 that were also affected by the active 125-kHz RFID signal (26 in 41 devices; 63%). 	 RESULTS
The median distance between the RFID reader and the medical device in all EMI incidents was 30 cm (range, 0.1-600 cm). 	 RESULTS
In a controlled nonclinical setting, RFID induced potentially hazardous incidents in medical devices. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Implementation of RFID in the critical care environment should require on-site EMI tests and updates of international standards. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Neural networks that regulate binge eating remain to be identified, and effective treatments for binge eating are limited. 	 BACKGROUND
We combined neuroanatomic, pharmacologic, electrophysiological, Cre-lox, and chemogenetic approaches to investigate the functions of 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) 2C receptor (5-HT2CR) expressed by dopamine (DA) neurons in the regulation of binge-like eating behavior in mice. 	 METHODS
We showed that 5-HT stimulates DA neural activity through a 5-HT2CR-mediated mechanism, and activation of this midbrain 5-HT→DA neural circuit effectively inhibits binge-like eating behavior in mice. 	 RESULTS
Notably, 5-HT medications, including fluoxetine, d-fenfluramine, and lorcaserin (a selective 5-HT2CR agonist), act on 5-HT2CRs expressed by DA neurons to inhibit binge-like eating in mice. 	 RESULTS
We identified the 5-HT2CR population in DA neurons as one potential target for antibinge therapies, and provided preclinical evidence that 5-HT2CR agonists could be used to treat binge eating. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Suicide is a significant public health issue with almost one million people dying by suicide each year worldwide. 	 BACKGROUND
Deliberate self harm (DSH) is the single most important risk factor for suicide yet few countries have reliable data on DSH. 	 BACKGROUND
We developed a national DSH registry in the Republic of Ireland to establish the incidence of hospital-treated DSH at national level and the spectrum and pattern of presentations with DSH and repetition. 	 BACKGROUND
Between 2003 and 2009, the Irish National Registry of Deliberate Self Harm collected data on DSH presentations to all 40 hospital emergency departments in the country. 	 METHODS
Data were collected by trained data registration officers using standard methods of case ascertainment and definition. 	 METHODS
The Registry recorded 75,119 DSH presentations involving 48,206 individuals. 	 RESULTS
The total incidence rate fell from 209 (95% CI: 205-213) per 100,000 in 2003 to 184 (95% CI: 180-189) per 100,000 in 2006 and increased again to 209 (95% CI: 204-213) per 100,000 in 2009. 	 RESULTS
The most notable annual changes were successive 10% increases in the male rate in 2008 and 2009. 	 RESULTS
There was significant variation by age with peak rates in women in the 15-19 year age group (620 (95% CI: 605-636) per 100,000), and in men in the 20-24 age group (427 (95% CI: 416-439) per 100,000). 	 RESULTS
Repetition rates varied significantly by age, method of self harm and number of previous episodes. 	 RESULTS
Population-based data on hospital-treated DSH represent an important index of the burden of mental illness and suicide risk in the community. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The increased DSH rate in Irish men in 2008 and 2009 coincided with the advent of the economic recession in Ireland. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The findings underline the need for developing effective interventions to reduce DSH repetition rates as a key priority for health systems. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Endothelium-dependent modulation of coronary tone is impaired in the collateral-dependent coronary microcirculation. 	 BACKGROUND
We used a porcine model of chronic coronary occlusion and collateral development to evaluate the hypothesis that exercise training enhances endothelium-mediated relaxation and increases endothelial nitric oxide synthase (ecNOS) mRNA levels of collateral-dependent microvasculature. 	 BACKGROUND
Adult female miniature swine were subjected to chronic, progressive ameroid occlusion of the proximal left circumflex coronary artery (LCx); after 2 months, animals were randomly exposed to 16-week exercise-training (EX group; treadmill running) or sedentary (SED group; cage confinement) protocols. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
After completion of EX or SED programs, coronary arterioles ( approximately 100 microm in diameter) were isolated from collateral-dependent LCx (distal to occlusion) and nonoccluded left anterior descending coronary artery (LAD) regions of each heart. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Arterioles were studied by in vitro videomicroscopy or frozen for ecNOS mRNA analysis (RT-PCR techniques). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Relaxation to the endothelium-dependent vasodilator bradykinin was decreased (P<0.05) in arterioles isolated from collateral-dependent LCx versus nonoccluded LAD regions of SED animals. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Bradykinin-mediated relaxation, however, was not different in LCx versus LAD arterioles isolated from EX animals. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Nitroprusside-induced relaxation was unaffected by either chronic occlusion or exercise. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Importantly, ecNOS mRNA expression was significantly decreased in arterioles isolated from LCx versus LAD regions of SED animals. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
After training, ecNOS mRNA expression was not different between LAD and LCx arterioles. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
These data indicate that exercise training enhances bradykinin-mediated relaxation of collateral-dependent LCx arterioles isolated after chronic coronary occlusion, most likely because of effects on ecNOS mRNA expression and increased production of NO. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Intraperitoneal placement of polypropylene mesh leads to extensive visceral adhesions and is contraindicated. 	 BACKGROUND
Different coatings are used to improve polypropylene mesh properties. 	 BACKGROUND
Collagen is a protein with unique biocompatibility and cell ingrowth enhancement potential. 	 BACKGROUND
A novel acetic acid extracted collagen coating was developed to allow placement of polypropylene mesh in direct contact with viscera. 	 BACKGROUND
The authors' aim was to evaluate the long-term influence of acetic acid extracted collagen coating on surgical aspects and biomechanical properties of polypropylene mesh implanted in direct contact with viscera, including complications, adhesions with viscera, strength of incorporation, and microscopic inflammatory reaction. 	 BACKGROUND
Forty adult Wistar rats were divided into two groups: experimental (polypropylene mesh/acetic acid extracted collagen coating) and control (polypropylene mesh only). 	 METHODS
Astandardized procedure of mesh implantation was performed. 	 METHODS
Animals were killed 3 months after surgery and analyzed for complications, mesh area covered by adhesions, type of adhesions, strength of incorporation, and intensity of inflammatory response. 	 METHODS
The mean adhesion area was lower for polypropylene mesh/acetic acid extracted collagen coating (14.5 percent versus 69.9 percent, p < 0.001). 	 RESULTS
Adhesion severity was decreased in the experimental group: grades 0 and 1 were more frequent (p < 0.04 and p < 0.002, respectively) and grade 3 was less frequent (p < 0.0001). 	 RESULTS
An association between adhesion area and severity was found (p < 0.0001). 	 RESULTS
Complications, strength of incorporation, and intensity of inflammatory response to the mesh were similar. 	 RESULTS
Visceral adhesions to polypropylene mesh are significantly reduced because of acetic acid extracted collagen coating. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The collagen coating does not increase complications or induce alterations of polypropylene mesh incorporation. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The 1987 American College of Rheumatology (ACR; formerly the American Rheumatism Association) classification criteria for rheumatoid arthritis (RA) have been criticised for their lack of sensitivity in early disease. 	 OBJECTIVE
This work was undertaken to develop new classification criteria for RA. 	 OBJECTIVE
A joint working group from the ACR and the European League Against Rheumatism developed, in three phases, a new approach to classifying RA. 	 METHODS
The work focused on identifying, among patients newly presenting with undifferentiated inflammatory synovitis, factors that best discriminated between those who were and those who were not at high risk for persistent and/or erosive disease--this being the appropriate current paradigm underlying the disease construct 'RA'. 	 METHODS
In the new criteria set, classification as 'definite RA' is based on the confirmed presence of synovitis in at least one joint, absence of an alternative diagnosis better explaining the synovitis, and achievement of a total score of 6 or greater (of a possible 10) from the individual scores in four domains: number and site of involved joints (range 0-5), serological abnormality (range 0-3), elevated acute-phase response (range 0-1) and symptom duration (two levels; range 0-1). 	 RESULTS
This new classification system redefines the current paradigm of RA by focusing on features at earlier stages of disease that are associated with persistent and/or erosive disease, rather than defining the disease by its late-stage features. 	 CONCLUSION
This will refocus attention on the important need for earlier diagnosis and institution of effective disease-suppressing therapy to prevent or minimise the occurrence of the undesirable sequelae that currently comprise the paradigm underlying the disease construct 'RA'. 	 CONCLUSION
Neonatal mortality accounts for almost 40 per cent of under-five child mortality, globally. 	 BACKGROUND
An understanding of the factors related to neonatal mortality is important to guide the development of focused and evidence-based health interventions to prevent neonatal deaths. 	 BACKGROUND
This study aimed to identify the determinants of neonatal mortality in Indonesia, for a nationally representative sample of births from 1997 to 2002. 	 BACKGROUND
The data source for the analysis was the 2002-2003 Indonesia Demographic and Health Survey from which survival information of 15,952 singleton live-born infants born between 1997 and 2002 was examined. 	 METHODS
Multilevel logistic regression using a hierarchical approach was performed to analyze the factors associated with neonatal deaths, using community, socio-economic status and proximate determinants. 	 METHODS
At the community level, the odds of neonatal death was significantly higher for infants from East Java (OR = 5.01, p = 0.00), and for North, Central and Southeast Sulawesi and Gorontalo combined (OR = 3.17, p = 0.03) compared to the lowest neonatal mortality regions of Bali, South Sulawesi and Jambi provinces. 	 RESULTS
A progressive reduction in the odds was found as the percentage of deliveries assisted by trained delivery attendants in the cluster increased. 	 RESULTS
The odds of neonatal death were higher for infants born to both mother and father who were employed (OR = 1.84, p = 0.00) and for infants born to father who were unemployed (OR = 2.99, p = 0.02). 	 RESULTS
The odds were also higher for higher rank infants with a short birth interval (OR = 2.82, p = 0.00), male infants (OR = 1.49, p = 0.01), smaller than average-sized infants (OR = 2.80, p = 0.00), and infant's whose mother had a history of delivery complications (OR = 1.81, p = 0.00). 	 RESULTS
Infants receiving any postnatal care were significantly protected from neonatal death (OR = 0.63, p = 0.03). 	 RESULTS
Public health interventions directed at reducing neonatal death should address community, household and individual level factors which significantly influence neonatal mortality in Indonesia. 	 CONCLUSION
Low birth weight and short birth interval infants as well as perinatal health services factors, such as the availability of skilled birth attendance and postnatal care utilization should be taken into account when planning the interventions to reduce neonatal mortality in Indonesia. 	 CONCLUSION
The American College of Cardiology and the American Heart Association (ACC/AHA) cholesterol treatment guidelines have wide-scale implications for treating adults without history of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) with statins. 	 IMPORTANCE
To estimate the cost-effectiveness of various 10-year ASCVD risk thresholds that could be used in the ACC/AHA cholesterol treatment guidelines. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Microsimulation model, including lifetime time horizon, US societal perspective, 3% discount rate for costs, and health outcomes. 	 OBJECTIVE
In the model, hypothetical individuals from a representative US population aged 40 to 75 years received statin treatment, experienced ASCVD events, and died from ASCVD-related or non-ASCVD-related causes based on ASCVD natural history and statin treatment parameters. 	 OBJECTIVE
Data sources for model parameters included National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys, large clinical trials and meta-analyses for statin benefits and treatment, and other published sources. 	 OBJECTIVE
Estimated ASCVD events prevented and incremental costs per quality-adjusted life-year (QALY) gained. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
In the base-case scenario, the current ASCVD threshold of 7.5% or higher, which was estimated to be associated with 48% of adults treated with statins, had an incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) of $37,000/QALY compared with a 10% or higher threshold. 	 RESULTS
More lenient ASCVD thresholds of 4.0% or higher (61% of adults treated) and 3.0% or higher (67% of adults treated) had ICERs of $81,000/QALY and $140,000/QALY, respectively. 	 RESULTS
Shifting from a 7.5% or higher ASCVD risk threshold to a 3.0% or higher ASCVD risk threshold was estimated to be associated with an additional 161,560 cardiovascular disease events averted. 	 RESULTS
Cost-effectiveness results were sensitive to changes in the disutility associated with taking a pill daily, statin price, and the risk of statin-induced diabetes. 	 RESULTS
In probabilistic sensitivity analysis, there was a higher than 93% chance that the optimal ASCVD threshold was 5.0% or lower using a cost-effectiveness threshold of $100,000/QALY. 	 RESULTS
In this microsimulation model of US adults aged 45 to 75 years [corrected], the current 10-year ASCVD risk threshold (≥7.5% risk threshold) used in the ACC/AHA cholesterol treatment guidelines has an acceptable cost-effectiveness profile (ICER, $37,000/QALY), but more lenient ASCVD thresholds would be optimal using cost-effectiveness thresholds of $100,000/QALY (≥4.0% risk threshold) or $150,000/QALY (≥3.0% risk threshold). 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
The optimal ASCVD threshold was sensitive to patient preferences for taking a pill daily, changes to statin price, and the risk of statin-induced diabetes. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
RATIONALE, AIMS AND OBJECTIVES Following increased interest in having inter-professional (IP) health care teams engage patients in decision making, we developed a conceptual model for an IP approach to shared decision making (SDM) in primary care. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
We assessed the validity of the model with stakeholders in Canada. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
In 15 individual interviews and 7 group interviews with 79 stakeholders, we asked them to: (1) propose changes to the IP-SDM model; (2) identify barriers and facilitators to the model's implementation in clinical practice; and (3) assess the model using a theory appraisal questionnaire. 	 METHODS
We performed a thematic analysis of the transcripts and a descriptive analysis of the questionnaires. 	 METHODS
Stakeholders suggested placing the patient at its centre; extending the concept of family to include significant others; clarifying outcomes; highlighting the concept of time; merging the micro, meso and macro levels in one figure; and recognizing the influence of the environment and emotions. 	 RESULTS
The most common barriers identified were time constraints, insufficient resources and an imbalance of power among health professionals. 	 RESULTS
The most common facilitators were education and training in inter-professionalism and SDM, motivation to achieve an IP approach to SDM, and mutual knowledge and understanding of disciplinary roles. 	 RESULTS
Most stakeholders considered that the concepts and relationships between the concepts were clear and rated the model as logical, testable, having clear schematic representation, and being relevant to inter-professional collaboration, SDM and primary care. 	 RESULTS
Stakeholders validated the new IP-SDM model for primary care settings and proposed few modifications. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Future research should assess if the model helps implement SDM in IP clinical practice. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Venous thrombosis is a common complication in patients with cancer, leading to additional morbidity and compromising quality of life. 	 CONTEXT
To identify individuals with cancer with an increased thrombotic risk, evaluating different tumor sites, the presence of distant metastases, and carrier status of prothrombotic mutations. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PATIENTS A large population-based, case-control (Multiple Environmental and Genetic Assessment [MEGA] of risk factors for venous thrombosis) study of 3220 consecutive patients aged 18 to 70 years, with a first deep venous thrombosis of the leg or pulmonary embolism, between March 1, 1999, and May 31, 2002, at 6 anticoagulation clinics in the Netherlands, and separate 2131 control participants (partners of the patients) reported via a questionnaire on acquired risk factors for venous thrombosis. 	 OBJECTIVE
Three months after discontinuation of the anticoagulant therapy, all patients and controls were interviewed, a blood sample was taken, and DNA was isolated to ascertain the factor V Leiden and prothrombin 20210A mutations. 	 OBJECTIVE
Risk of venous thrombosis. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
The overall risk of venous thrombosis was increased 7-fold in patients with a malignancy (odds ratio [OR], 6.7; 95% confidence interval [CI], 5.2-8.6) vs persons without malignancy. 	 RESULTS
Patients with hematological malignancies had the highest risk of venous thrombosis, adjusted for age and sex (adjusted OR, 28.0; 95% CI, 4.0-199.7), followed by lung cancer and gastrointestinal cancer. 	 RESULTS
The risk of venous thrombosis was highest in the first few months after the diagnosis of malignancy (adjusted OR, 53.5; 95% CI, 8.6-334.3). 	 RESULTS
Patients with cancer with distant metastases had a higher risk vs patients without distant metastases (adjusted OR, 19.8; 95% CI, 2.6-149.1). 	 RESULTS
Carriers of the factor V Leiden mutation who also had cancer had a 12-fold increased risk vs individuals without cancer and factor V Leiden (adjusted OR, 12.1; 95% CI, 1.6-88.1). 	 RESULTS
Similar results were indirectly calculated for the prothrombin 20210A mutation in patients with cancer. 	 RESULTS
Patients with cancer have a highly increased risk of venous thrombosis especially in the first few months after diagnosis and in the presence of distant metastases. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Carriers of the factor V Leiden and prothrombin 20210A mutations appear to have an even higher risk. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Familial hiatal hernia has only rarely been documented. 	 BACKGROUND
To describe the pattern of inheritance of familial hiatal hernia within an affected family. 	 AIMS
Thirty eight members of a family pedigree across five generations. 	 SUBJECTS
All family members were interviewed and investigated by barium meal for evidence of a hiatal hernia. 	 METHODS
Twenty three of 38 family members had radiological evidence of a hiatal hernia. 	 RESULTS
No individual with a hiatal hernia was born to unaffected parents. 	 RESULTS
In one case direct male to male transmission was shown. 	 RESULTS
Familial inheritance of hiatal hernia does occur. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Evidence of direct male to male transmission points to an autosomal dominant mode of inheritance. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Traditional T2 weighted MR imaging results are non-specific for the extent of underlying white matter structural abnormalities present in late life depression (LLD). 	 BACKGROUND
Diffusion tensor imaging provides a unique opportunity to investigate the extent and nature of structural injury, but has been limited by examining only a subset of regions of interest (ROI) and by confounds common to the study of an elderly population, including comorbid vascular pathology. 	 BACKGROUND
Furthermore, comprehensive correlation of diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) measurements, including axial and radial diffusivity measurements, has not been demonstrated in the late life depression population. 	 BACKGROUND
51 depressed and 16 non-depressed, age- and cerebrovascular risk factor-matched elderly subjects underwent traditional anatomic T1 and T2 weight imaging, as well as DTI. 	 METHODS
The DTI data were skeletonized using tract based spatial statistics (TBSS), and both regional and global analyses were performed. 	 METHODS
Widespread structural abnormalities within white matter were detected in the LLD group, accounting for age, gender and education and matched for cerebrovascular risk factors and global T2 white matter hyperintensities (T2WMH). 	 RESULTS
Regional differences were most prominent in uncinate and cingulate white matter and were generally characterized by an increase in radial diffusivity. 	 RESULTS
Age-related changes particularly in the cingulate bundle were more advanced in individuals with LLD relative to controls. 	 RESULTS
Regression analysis demonstrated significant correlations of regional fractional anisotropy and radial diffusivity with five different neuropsychological factor scores. 	 RESULTS
analysis demonstrated a greater extent of white matter abnormalities in LLD not responsive to treatment, as compared to controls. 	 TBSS
White matter integrity is compromised in late life depression, largely manifested by increased radial diffusivity in specific regions, suggesting underlying myelin injury. 	 CONCLUSIONS
A possible mechanism for underlying myelin injury is chronic white matter ischemia related to intrinsic cerebrovascular disease. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In some regions such as the cingulate bundle, the white matter injury related to late life depression appears to be independent of and compounded by age-related changes. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The correlations with neuropsychological testing indicate the essential effects of white matter injury on functional status. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Lastly, response to treatment may depend on the extent of white matter injury, suggesting a need for intact functional networks. 	 CONCLUSIONS
It has been suggested that identified risk factors for endometrial cancer operate through a single etiologic pathway, i.e., exposure to relatively high levels of unopposed estrogen (estrogen in the absence of progestins). 	 BACKGROUND
Only a few studies, however, have addressed this issue directly. 	 BACKGROUND
We assessed the risk of developing endometrial cancer among both premenopausal and postmenopausal women in relation to the circulating levels of steroid hormones and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG). 	 PURPOSE
The independent effect of hormones was assessed after adjustment for other known risk factors. 	 PURPOSE
The data used in the analysis are from a case-control study conducted in five geographic regions in the United States. 	 METHODS
Incident cases were newly diagnosed during the period from June 1, 1987, through May 15, 1990. 	 METHODS
The case patients, aged 20-74 years, were matched to control subjects by age, race, and geographic region. 	 METHODS
The community control subjects were obtained by random-digit-dialing procedures (for subjects 20-64 years old) and from files of the Health Care Financing Administration (for subjects > or = 65 years old). 	 METHODS
Additional control subjects who were having a hysterectomy performed for benign conditions were obtained from the participating centers. 	 METHODS
Women reporting use of exogenous estrogens or oral contraceptives within 6 months of interview were excluded, resulting in 68 case patients and 107 control subjects among premenopausal women and 208 case patients and 209 control subjects among postmenopausal women. 	 METHODS
The hormone analyses were performed on blood samples obtained from case patients or from hysterectomy control subjects before surgery. 	 METHODS
The odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were estimated by use of an unconditional logistic regression analysis after we controlled for matching variables and potential confounders. 	 METHODS
All P values were two-sided. 	 METHODS
High circulating levels of androstenedione were associated with 3.6-fold and 2.8-fold increased risks among premenopausal and postmenopausal women, respectively, after adjustment for other factors (P for trend = .01 and < .001, respectively). 	 RESULTS
Risks related to other hormone fractions varied by menopausal status. 	 RESULTS
Among postmenopausal women, a reduced risk was associated with high SHBG levels and persisted after adjustment was made for obesity and other factors (OR = 0.51; 95% CI = 0.27-0.95). 	 RESULTS
High estrone levels were associated with increased risk (OR = 3.8; 95% CI = 2.2-6.6), although adjustment for other risk factors (particularly body mass index) diminished the effect (OR = 2.2; 95% CI = 1.2-4.4). 	 RESULTS
Albumin-bound estradiol (E2), a marker of the bioavailable fraction, also remained an important risk factor after adjustment was made for other factors (OR = 2.0; 95% CI = 1.0-3.9). 	 RESULTS
In contrast, high concentrations of total, free, and albumin-bound E2 were unrelated to increased risk in premenopausal women. 	 RESULTS
In both premenopausal and postmenopausal groups, risks associated with obesity and fat distribution were not affected by adjustment for hormones. 	 RESULTS
High endogenous levels of unopposed estrogen are related to increased risk of endometrial cancer, but their independence from other risk factors is inconsistent with being a common underlying biologic pathway through which all risk factors for endometrial cancer operate. 	 CONCLUSION
Further research should focus on alternative endocrinologic mechanisms for risk associated with obesity and body fat distribution and for the biologic relevance of the increased risk associated with androstenedione in both premenopausal and postmenopausal disease. 	 IMPLICATIONS
Although cigarette smoking, excessive alcohol drinking, obesity, and several other well-studied unhealthy lifestyle-related factors each have been linked to the risk of multiple chronic diseases and premature death, little is known about the combined impact on mortality outcomes, in particular among Chinese and other non-Western populations. 	 BACKGROUND
The objective of this study was to quantify the overall impact of lifestyle-related factors beyond that of active cigarette smoking and alcohol consumption on all-cause and cause-specific mortality in Chinese women. 	 BACKGROUND
We used data from the Shanghai Women's Health Study, an ongoing population-based prospective cohort study in China. 	 METHODS
Participants included 71,243 women aged 40 to 70 years enrolled during 1996-2000 who never smoked or drank alcohol regularly. 	 METHODS
A healthy lifestyle score was created on the basis of five lifestyle-related factors shown to be independently associated with mortality outcomes (normal weight, lower waist-hip ratio, daily exercise, never exposed to spouse's smoking, higher daily fruit and vegetable intake). 	 METHODS
The score ranged from zero (least healthy) to five (most healthy) points. 	 METHODS
During an average follow-up of 9 years, 2,860 deaths occurred, including 775 from cardiovascular disease (CVD) and 1,351 from cancer. 	 RESULTS
Adjusted hazard ratios for mortality decreased progressively with an increasing number of healthy lifestyle factors. 	 RESULTS
Compared to women with a score of zero, hazard ratios (95% confidence intervals) for women with four to five factors were 0.57 (0.44-0.74) for total mortality, 0.29 (0.16-0.54) for CVD mortality, and 0.76 (0.54-1.06) for cancer mortality. 	 RESULTS
The inverse association between the healthy lifestyle score and mortality was seen consistently regardless of chronic disease status at baseline. 	 RESULTS
The population attributable risks for not having 4-5 healthy lifestyle factors were 33% for total deaths, 59% for CVD deaths, and 19% for cancer deaths. 	 RESULTS
In this first study, to our knowledge, to quantify the combined impact of lifestyle-related factors on mortality outcomes in Chinese women, a healthier lifestyle pattern-including being of normal weight, lower central adiposity, participation in physical activity, nonexposure to spousal smoking, and higher fruit and vegetable intake-was associated with reductions in total and cause-specific mortality among lifetime nonsmoking and nondrinking women, supporting the importance of overall lifestyle modification in disease prevention. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Please see later in the article for the Editors' Summary. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The purpose of our study was to investigate alterations of white matter integrity in adults with major depressive disorder (MDD) using magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). 	 OBJECTIVE
We performed diffusion tensor imaging with a 3T MRI scanner on 45 patients with major depression and 45 healthy controls matched for age, sex and education. 	 METHODS
Using a voxel-based analysis, we measured the fractional anisotropy (FA), and we investigated the differences between the patient and control groups. 	 METHODS
We examined the correlations between the microstructure abnormalities of white matter and symptom severity, age of illness onset and cumulative illness duration, respectively. 	 METHODS
We found a significant decrease in FA in the left hemisphere, including the anterior limb of the internal capsule and the inferior parietal portion of the superior longitudinal fasciculus, in patients with MDD compared with healthy controls. 	 RESULTS
Diffusion tensor imaging measures in the left anterior limb of the internal capsule were negatively related to the severity of depressive symptoms, even after we controlled for age and sex. 	 RESULTS
Our findings provide new evidence of microstructural changes of white matter in non-late-onset adult depression. 	 CONCLUSION
Our results complement those observed in late-life depression and support the hypothesis that the disruption of cortical- subcortical circuit integrity may be involved in the etiology of major depressive disorder. 	 CONCLUSION
To observe the therapeutic effect of "Xingnao Kaiqiao Zhenfa" (Acupuncture Technique for Restoring Consciousness) in the treatment of post-stroke depression. 	 OBJECTIVE
A total of 256 stroke patients were divided into acupuncture group (n = 180, male 138, female 42) and medication group (n = 76, male 57 and female 19) according to their visiting sequence to our hospital. 	 METHODS
Acupoints used were Neiguan (PC 6), Renzhong (GV 26), Baihui (GV 20), Yintang (EX-HN 3) and Sanyinjiao (SP 6,the affected side) and the needles were retained for 20 min every time. 	 METHODS
Patients of medication group were asked to take Amitriptyline (50 mg/d at first, 200 mg/d). 	 METHODS
Acupuncture treatment was conducted twice daily, and after one month's treatment the therapeutic effect was evaluated. 	 METHODS
Self-Rating Depression Scale (SDS) and Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD) were used to assess the patient's state of depression. 	 METHODS
After the treatment, of the 180 and 76 cases in acupuncture and medication groups, 31 (17.2%) and 13 (17.1%) were cured, 73 (40.6%) and 18 (23.7%) had a marked improvement in their depression state, 27 (15.0%) and 12 (15.8%) had an improvement, 49 (27.2%) and 33 (43.4%) failed, with the effective rates being 72.8% and 56.6% respectively. 	 RESULTS
The markedly effective rate and the total effective rate of acupuncture group were significantly higher than those of medication group (P < 0.05). 	 RESULTS
After the treatment, the total scores of SDS and HRSD and the severity index of two groups decreased pronouncedly in comparison with those of their individual pre-treatment; and the therapeutic effects of acupuncture group were significantly better than those of medication group in reducing SDS, HRSD and severity index (P < 0 .05). 	 RESULTS
In addition, the decreased values of depression, pessimistic mood and irritability of acupuncture group were all bigger than those of medication group (P < 0.05). 	 RESULTS
No significant difference was found between two groups in the decreased value of insomnia (P > 0.05). 	 RESULTS
"Acupuncture Technique for Restoring Consciousness" can effectively improve depression patients' symptoms and the therapeutic effect of acupuncture is markedly superior to that of medication for post-stroke patients. 	 CONCLUSION
Statins are commonly used against arteriosclerotic disease, but recent retrospective analyses have suggested that statins also prevent cancer. 	 BACKGROUND
The aim of this systematic review is to verify the vitro anti-tumor effects of statins on head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. 	 BACKGROUND
Studies were gathered by searching Cochrane, MEDLINE, EMBASE, LILACS, and PubMed, up until May 9, 2015, with no time or language restrictions. 	 METHODS
Only in vitro studies that discuss the effect of statins on head and neck carcinoma were selected. 	 METHODS
Of 153 identified papers, 14 studies met the inclusion criteria. 	 RESULTS
These studies demonstrated that statins had a significant effect on head and neck squamous cell carcinoma cell lines and influenced cell viability, cell cycle, cell death, and protein expression levels involved in pathways of carcinogenesis, which corroborates with the potential in vitro anti-tumor effects. 	 RESULTS
It provides highlights about the biological mechanisms of statins used alone or associated with traditional therapy for cancer. 	 RESULTS
Though there are few studies on the topic, currently available evidence suggests that statins shows that preclinical experiments supports the potentiality of statin as an adjuvant agent in chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy approaches routinely used in the management of HNSCC and should undergo further clinical assessment. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) is a critical activator of inflammation and the innate immune system. 	 BACKGROUND
However, mtDNA level has not been tested for its role as a biomarker in the intensive care unit (ICU). 	 BACKGROUND
We hypothesized that circulating cell-free mtDNA levels would be associated with mortality and improve risk prediction in ICU patients. 	 BACKGROUND
Analyses of mtDNA levels were performed on blood samples obtained from two prospective observational cohort studies of ICU patients (the Brigham and Women's Hospital Registry of Critical Illness [BWH RoCI, n = 200] and Molecular Epidemiology of Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome [ME ARDS, n = 243]). 	 METHODS
mtDNA levels in plasma were assessed by measuring the copy number of the NADH dehydrogenase 1 gene using quantitative real-time PCR. 	 METHODS
Medical ICU patients with an elevated mtDNA level (≥3,200 copies/µl plasma) had increased odds of dying within 28 d of ICU admission in both the BWH RoCI (odds ratio [OR] 7.5, 95% CI 3.6-15.8, p = 1×10(-7)) and ME ARDS (OR 8.4, 95% CI 2.9-24.2, p = 9×10(-5)) cohorts, while no evidence for association was noted in non-medical ICU patients. 	 RESULTS
The addition of an elevated mtDNA level improved the net reclassification index (NRI) of 28-d mortality among medical ICU patients when added to clinical models in both the BWH RoCI (NRI 79%, standard error 14%, p<1×10(-4)) and ME ARDS (NRI 55%, standard error 20%, p = 0.007) cohorts. 	 RESULTS
In the BWH RoCI cohort, those with an elevated mtDNA level had an increased risk of death, even in analyses limited to patients with sepsis or acute respiratory distress syndrome. 	 RESULTS
Study limitations include the lack of data elucidating the concise pathological roles of mtDNA in the patients, and the limited numbers of measurements for some of biomarkers. 	 RESULTS
Increased mtDNA levels are associated with ICU mortality, and inclusion of mtDNA level improves risk prediction in medical ICU patients. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Our data suggest that mtDNA could serve as a viable plasma biomarker in medical ICU patients. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Fructosamine is a glycemic biomarker which may be useful for indication and control of diabetes respectively. 	 CONTEXT
The objective of the study was to evaluate fructosamine as an indicator of hyperglycaemia and glucose control in subjects with diabetes. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING & PATIENTS From the AMORIS cohort, subjects with serum glucose, fructosamine and HbA1c from the same examination were studied cross-sectionally and longitudinally (n = 10,987; 5,590 overnight-fasting). 	 OBJECTIVE
The guidelines of the American Diabetes Association were followed for classification of prediabetes and diabetes. 	 OBJECTIVE
Separate analyses were performed in patients with a newly detected or a known diagnosis of type 1 or type 2 diabetes respectively. 	 OBJECTIVE
All three biomarkers were strongly correlated. 	 RESULTS
With regard to the association between fructosamine and HbA1c Pearson linear correlation coefficients in the range of 0.67-0.75 were observed in fasting and non-fasting subjects with type 1 or type 2 diabetes. 	 RESULTS
Analyses of glucose control in fasting patients with type 2 diabetes having all three biomarkers measured at three separate occasions within on average 290 days of the index examination showed similar trends over time for glucose, fructosamine and HbA1c. 	 RESULTS
Discrimination of subjects with and without diabetes across the range of fructosamine levels was good (area under curve (AUC) 0.91-0.95) and a fructosamine level of 2.5 mmol/L classified subjects to diabetes with a sensitivity of 61% and a specificity of 97%. 	 RESULTS
Fructosamine is closely associated with HbA1c and glucose respectively and may be a useful biomarker of hyperglycaemia and glucose control in clinical and epidemiological studies. 	 CONCLUSIONS
One key target of the United Nations Millennium Development goals is to reduce the prevalence of underweight among children younger than 5 years by half between 1990 and 2015. 	 CONTEXT
To estimate trends in childhood underweight by geographic regions of the world. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Time series study of prevalence of underweight, defined as weight 2 SDs below the mean weight for age of the National Center for Health Statistics and World Health Organization (WHO) reference population. 	 OBJECTIVE
National prevalence rates derived from the WHO Global Database on Child Growth and Malnutrition, which includes data on approximately 31 million children younger than 5 years who participated in 419 national nutritional surveys in 139 countries from 1965 through 2002. 	 OBJECTIVE
Linear mixed-effects modeling was used to estimate prevalence rates and numbers of underweight children by region in 1990 and 2015 and to calculate the changes (ie, increase or decrease) to these values between 1990 and 2015. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Worldwide, underweight prevalence was projected to decline from 26.5% in 1990 to 17.6% in 2015, a change of -34% (95% confidence interval [CI], -43% to -23%). 	 RESULTS
In developed countries, the prevalence was estimated to decrease from 1.6% to 0.9%, a change of -41% (95% CI, -92% to 343%). 	 RESULTS
In developing regions, the prevalence was forecasted to decline from 30.2% to 19.3%, a change of -36% (95% CI, -45% to -26%). 	 RESULTS
In Africa, the prevalence of underweight was forecasted to increase from 24.0% to 26.8%, a change of 12% (95% CI, 8%-16%). 	 RESULTS
In Asia, the prevalence was estimated to decrease from 35.1% to 18.5%, a change of -47% (95% CI, -58% to -34%). 	 RESULTS
Worldwide, the number of underweight children was projected to decline from 163.8 million in 1990 to 113.4 million in 2015, a change of -31% (95% CI, -40% to -20%). 	 RESULTS
Numbers are projected to decrease in all subregions except the subregions of sub-Saharan, Eastern, Middle, and Western Africa, which are expected to experience substantial increases in the number of underweight children. 	 RESULTS
An overall improvement in the global situation is anticipated; however, neither the world as a whole, nor the developing regions, are expected to achieve the Millennium Development goals. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This is largely due to the deteriorating situation in Africa where all subregions, except Northern Africa, are expected to fail to meet the goal. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Many observational studies have shown that physical activity reduces the risk of cognitive decline; however, evidence from randomized trials is lacking. 	 CONTEXT
To determine whether physical activity reduces the rate of cognitive decline among older adults at risk. 	 OBJECTIVE
Randomized controlled trial of a 24-week physical activity intervention conducted between 2004 and 2007 in metropolitan Perth, Western Australia. 	 DESIGN AND SETTING
Assessors of cognitive function were blinded to group membership. 	 DESIGN AND SETTING
We recruited volunteers who reported memory problems but did not meet criteria for dementia. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Three hundred eleven individuals aged 50 years or older were screened for eligibility, 89 were not eligible, and 52 refused to participate. 	 PARTICIPANTS
A total of 170 participants were randomized and 138 participants completed the 18-month assessment. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Participants were randomly allocated to an education and usual care group or to a 24-week home-based program of physical activity. 	 INTERVENTION
Change in Alzheimer Disease Assessment Scale-Cognitive Subscale (ADAS-Cog) scores (possible range, 0-70) over 18 months. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
In an intent-to-treat analysis, participants in the intervention group improved 0.26 points (95% confidence interval, -0.89 to 0.54) and those in the usual care group deteriorated 1.04 points (95% confidence interval, 0.32 to 1.82) on the ADAS-Cog at the end of the intervention. 	 RESULTS
The absolute difference of the outcome measure between the intervention and control groups was -1.3 points (95% confidence interval,-2.38 to -0.22) at the end of the intervention. 	 RESULTS
At 18 months, participants in the intervention group improved 0.73 points (95% confidence interval, -1.27 to 0.03) on the ADAS-Cog, and those in the usual care group improved 0.04 points (95% confidence interval, -0.46 to 0.88). 	 RESULTS
Word list delayed recall and Clinical Dementia Rating sum of boxes improved modestly as well, whereas word list total immediate recall, digit symbol coding, verbal fluency, Beck depression score, and Medical Outcomes 36-Item Short-Form physical and mental component summaries did not change significantly. 	 RESULTS
In this study of adults with subjective memory impairment, a 6-month program of physical activity provided a modest improvement in cognition over an 18-month follow-up period. 	 CONCLUSIONS
anzctr.org.au Identifier: ACTRN12605000136606. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
Production of the GTP-bound form of the Ran GTPase (RanGTP) around chromosomes induces spindle assembly by activating nuclear localization signal (NLS)-containing proteins. 	 BACKGROUND
Several NLS proteins have been identified as spindle assembly factors, but the complexity of the process led us to search for additional proteins with distinct roles in spindle assembly. 	 BACKGROUND
We identify a chromatin-remodeling ATPase, CHD4, as a RanGTP-dependent microtubule (MT)-associated protein (MAP). 	 RESULTS
MT binding occurs via the region containing an NLS and chromatin-binding domains. 	 RESULTS
In Xenopus egg extracts and cultured cells, CHD4 largely dissociates from mitotic chromosomes and partially localizes to the spindle. 	 RESULTS
Immunodepletion of CHD4 from egg extracts significantly reduces the quantity of MTs produced around chromatin and prevents spindle assembly. 	 RESULTS
CHD4 RNAi in both HeLa and Drosophila S2 cells induces defects in spindle assembly and chromosome alignment in early mitosis, leading to chromosome missegregation. 	 RESULTS
Further analysis in egg extracts and in HeLa cells reveals that CHD4 is a RanGTP-dependent MT stabilizer. 	 RESULTS
Moreover, the CHD4-containing NuRD complex promotes organization of MTs into bipolar spindles in egg extracts. 	 RESULTS
Importantly, this function of CHD4 is independent of chromatin remodeling. 	 RESULTS
Our results uncover a new role for CHD4 as a MAP required for MT stabilization and involved in generating spindle bipolarity. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Patients with familial amyloid polyneuropathy, a rare hereditary form of amyloidosis, have progressive autonomic neuropathy. 	 BACKGROUND
The disease usually does not induce heart failure but is associated with sudden death, conduction disturbances, and an increased risk of complications during anesthesia. 	 BACKGROUND
Although cardiac sympathetic denervation has been clearly demonstrated, the postsynaptic status of the cardiac autonomic nervous system remains unelucidated. 	 BACKGROUND
Twenty-one patients were studied (age, 39+/-11 years; normal coronary arteries; left ventricular ejection fraction 68+/-9%). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
To evaluate the density and affinity constants of myocardial muscarinic receptors, PET with (11)C-MQNB (methylquinuclidinyl benzilate), a specific hydrophilic antagonist, was used. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Cardiac beta-receptor functional efficiency was studied by the heart rate (HR) response to intravenous infusion of isoproterenol (5 minutes after 2 mg of atropine, 5, 10, and 15 ng/kg per minute during 5 minutes per step). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The mean muscarinic receptor density was higher in patients than in control subjects (B'(max), 35.5+/-8.9 versus 26.1+/-6.7 pmol/mL, P=0.003), without change in receptor affinity. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The increase in HR after injection of atropine as well as of MQNB was lower in patients compared with control subjects despite a similar basal HR (DeltaHR after atropine, 11+/-21% versus 62+/-17%; P<0.001), consistent with parasympathetic denervation. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Incremental infusion of isoproterenol induced a similar increase in HR in patients and control subjects. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Cardiac autonomic denervation in familial amyloid polyneuropathy results in an upregulation of myocardial muscarinic receptors but without change in cardiac beta-receptor responsiveness to catecholamines. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) have an increased fracture risk despite having higher areal bone mineral density (aBMD). 	 PURPOSE
This study aimed to clarify the association between glycemic and insulin resistance status and bone microarchitecture, and whether pentosidine and bone turnover markers play any roles in the association. 	 PURPOSE
A total of 2012 community-dwelling men aged ≥65years completed baseline measurements of spine aBMD, fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and serum insulin, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), osteocalcin, type I procollagen N-terminal propeptide, type I collagen C-terminal crosslinking telopeptide, tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase isoenzyme 5b, pentosidine, height and weight and an interview regarding past disease history. 	 METHODS
Homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was also calculated. 	 METHODS
T2DM was defined as physician-diagnosed middle age or elderly-onset diabetes mellitus, or according to biochemical test results. 	 METHODS
To evaluate bone microarchitecture, trabecular bone score (TBS) was calculated at the same vertebrae as those used for aBMD measurement. 	 METHODS
After excluding participants who had a disease history and/or were taking medications affecting bone metabolism, 1683 men (age, 72.9±5.2years) were analyzed. 	 RESULTS
Men with T2DM had significantly higher aBMD compared to those without T2DM. 	 RESULTS
There was no significant difference in TBS. 	 RESULTS
However, FPG, HbA1c and HOMA-IR levels were significantly inversely correlated with TBS after adjusting for age, BMI and aBMD. 	 RESULTS
Multivariate linear regression analyses revealed that glycemic indices (FPG and HbA1c) were significantly associated with increased aBMD and decreased TBS, and that HOMA-IR was associated only with TBS. 	 RESULTS
These associations did not change after further adjusting for bone turnover makers and pentosidine levels. 	 RESULTS
Hyperglycemia and elevated insulin-resistance were associated with low TBS independently of bone turnover and pentosidine levels. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To examine the safety of using aliskiren combined with agents used to block the renin-angiotensin system. 	 OBJECTIVE
Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials. 	 DESIGN
Medline, Embase, the Cochrane Library, and two trial registries, published up to 7 May 2011. 	 DATA SOURCES
Published and unpublished randomised controlled trials that compared combined treatment using aliskiren and angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin receptor blockers with monotherapy using these agents for at least four weeks and that provided numerical data on the adverse event outcomes of hyperkalaemia and acute kidney injury. 	 STUDY SELECTION
A random effects model was used to calculate pooled risk ratios and 95% confidence intervals for these outcomes. 	 STUDY SELECTION
10 randomised controlled studies (4814 participants) were included in the analysis. 	 RESULTS
Combination therapy with aliskiren and angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin receptor blockers significantly increased the risk of hyperkalaemia compared with monotherapy using angiotensin converting enzymes or angiotensin receptor blockers (relative risk 1.58, 95% confidence interval 1.24 to 2.02) or aliskiren alone (1.67, 1.01 to 2.79). 	 RESULTS
The risk of acute kidney injury did not differ significantly between the combined therapy and monotherapy groups (1.14, 0.68 to 1.89). 	 RESULTS
Use of aliskerin in combination with angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin receptor blockers is associated with an increased risk for hyperkalaemia. 	 CONCLUSION
The combined use of these agents warrants careful monitoring of serum potassium levels. 	 CONCLUSION
Endometrial cancer incidence is continuing to rise in the wake of the current ageing and obesity epidemics. 	 BACKGROUND
Much of the risk for endometrial cancer development is influenced by the environment and lifestyle. 	 BACKGROUND
Accumulating evidence suggests that the epigenome serves as the interface between the genome and the environment and that hypermethylation of stem cell polycomb group target genes is an epigenetic hallmark of cancer. 	 BACKGROUND
The objective of this study was to determine the functional role of epigenetic factors in endometrial cancer development. 	 BACKGROUND
Epigenome-wide methylation analysis of >27,000 CpG sites in endometrial cancer tissue samples (n = 64) and control samples (n = 23) revealed that HAND2 (a gene encoding a transcription factor expressed in the endometrial stroma) is one of the most commonly hypermethylated and silenced genes in endometrial cancer. 	 RESULTS
A novel integrative epigenome-transcriptome-interactome analysis further revealed that HAND2 is the hub of the most highly ranked differential methylation hotspot in endometrial cancer. 	 RESULTS
These findings were validated using candidate gene methylation analysis in multiple clinical sample sets of tissue samples from a total of 272 additional women. 	 RESULTS
Increased HAND2 methylation was a feature of premalignant endometrial lesions and was seen to parallel a decrease in RNA and protein levels. 	 RESULTS
Furthermore, women with high endometrial HAND2 methylation in their premalignant lesions were less likely to respond to progesterone treatment. 	 RESULTS
HAND2 methylation analysis of endometrial secretions collected using high vaginal swabs taken from women with postmenopausal bleeding specifically identified those patients with early stage endometrial cancer with both high sensitivity and high specificity (receiver operating characteristics area under the curve = 0.91 for stage 1A and 0.97 for higher than stage 1A). 	 RESULTS
Finally, mice harbouring a Hand2 knock-out specifically in their endometrium were shown to develop precancerous endometrial lesions with increasing age, and these lesions also demonstrated a lack of PTEN expression. 	 RESULTS
HAND2 methylation is a common and crucial molecular alteration in endometrial cancer that could potentially be employed as a biomarker for early detection of endometrial cancer and as a predictor of treatment response. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The true clinical utility of HAND2 DNA methylation, however, requires further validation in prospective studies. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Please see later in the article for the Editors' Summary. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Artemisinin derivatives used in recently introduced combination therapies (ACTs) for Plasmodium falciparum malaria significantly lower patient infectiousness and have the potential to reduce population-level transmission of the parasite. 	 BACKGROUND
With the increased interest in malaria elimination, understanding the impact on transmission of ACT and other antimalarial drugs with different pharmacodynamics becomes a key issue. 	 BACKGROUND
This study estimates the reduction in transmission that may be achieved by introducing different types of treatment for symptomatic P. falciparum malaria in endemic areas. 	 BACKGROUND
We developed a mathematical model to predict the potential impact on transmission outcomes of introducing ACT as first-line treatment for uncomplicated malaria in six areas of varying transmission intensity in Tanzania. 	 METHODS
We also estimated the impact that could be achieved by antimalarials with different efficacy, prophylactic time, and gametocytocidal effects. 	 METHODS
Rates of treatment, asymptomatic infection, and symptomatic infection in the six study areas were estimated using the model together with data from a cross-sectional survey of 5,667 individuals conducted prior to policy change from sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine to ACT. 	 METHODS
The effects of ACT and other drug types on gametocytaemia and infectiousness to mosquitoes were independently estimated from clinical trial data. 	 RESULTS
Predicted percentage reductions in prevalence of infection and incidence of clinical episodes achieved by ACT were highest in the areas with low initial transmission. 	 RESULTS
A 53% reduction in prevalence of infection was seen if 100% of current treatment was switched to ACT in the area where baseline slide-prevalence of parasitaemia was lowest (3.7%), compared to an 11% reduction in the highest-transmission setting (baseline slide prevalence = 57.1%). 	 RESULTS
Estimated percentage reductions in incidence of clinical episodes were similar. 	 RESULTS
The absolute size of the public health impact, however, was greater in the highest-transmission area, with 54 clinical episodes per 100 persons per year averted compared to five per 100 persons per year in the lowest-transmission area. 	 RESULTS
High coverage was important. 	 RESULTS
Reducing presumptive treatment through improved diagnosis substantially reduced the number of treatment courses required per clinical episode averted in the lower-transmission settings although there was some loss of overall impact on transmission. 	 RESULTS
An efficacious antimalarial regimen with no specific gametocytocidal properties but a long prophylactic time was estimated to be more effective at reducing transmission than a short-acting ACT in the highest-transmission setting. 	 RESULTS
Our results suggest that ACTs have the potential for transmission reductions approaching those achieved by insecticide-treated nets in lower-transmission settings. 	 CONCLUSIONS
partner drugs and nonartemisinin regimens with longer prophylactic times could result in a larger impact in higher-transmission settings, although their long term benefit must be evaluated in relation to the risk of development of parasite resistance. 	 ACT
Impulsivity and inattention related to attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) may increase food intake and, consequently, weight gain. 	 OBJECTIVE
However, findings on the association between obesity/overweight and ADHD are mixed. 	 OBJECTIVE
The authors conducted a meta-analysis to estimate this association. 	 OBJECTIVE
A broad range of databases was searched through Aug. 31, 2014. 	 METHOD
Unpublished studies were also obtained. 	 METHOD
Study quality was rated with the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. 	 METHOD
Random-effects models were used. 	 METHOD
Forty-two studies that included a total of 728,136 individuals (48,161 ADHD subjects; 679,975 comparison subjects) were retained. 	 RESULTS
A significant association between obesity and ADHD was found for both children (odds ratio=1.20, 95% CI=1.05-1.37) and adults (odds ratio=1.55, 95% CI=1.32-1.81). 	 RESULTS
The pooled prevalence of obesity was increased by about 70% in adults with ADHD (28.2%, 95% CI=22.8-34.4) compared with those without ADHD (16.4%, 95% CI=13.4-19.9), and by about 40% in children with ADHD (10.3%, 95% CI=7.9-13.3) compared with those without ADHD (7.4%, 95% CI=5.4-10.1). 	 RESULTS
The significant association between ADHD and obesity remained when limited to studies 1) reporting odds ratios adjusted for possible confounding factors; 2) diagnosing ADHD by direct interview; and 3) using directly measured height and weight. 	 RESULTS
Gender, study setting, study country, and study quality did not moderate the association between obesity and ADHD. 	 RESULTS
was also significantly associated with overweight. 	 ADHD
Individuals medicated for ADHD were not at higher risk of obesity. 	 ADHD
This study provides meta-analytic evidence for a significant association between ADHD and obesity/overweight. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Further research should address possible underlying mechanisms and the long-term effects of ADHD treatments on weight in individuals with both ADHD and obesity. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The authors sought to determine innate immune system activation following psychosocial stress in patients with major depression and increased early life stress. 	 OBJECTIVE
Plasma interleukin (IL)-6, lymphocyte subsets, and DNA binding of nuclear factor (NF)-kB in peripheral blood mononuclear cells were compared in medically healthy male subjects with current major depression and increased early life stress (N=14) versus nondepressed male comparison subjects (N=14) before and after completion of the Trier Social Stress Test. 	 METHOD
Trier Social Stress Test-induced increases in IL-6 and NF-kappaB DNA-binding were greater in major depression patients with increased early life stress and independently correlated with depression severity, but not early life stress. 	 RESULTS
Natural killer (NK) cell percentages also increased following stress. 	 RESULTS
However, there were no differences between groups and no correlation between NK cell percentage and stress-induced NF-kappaB DNA-binding or IL-6. 	 RESULTS
Male major depression patients with increased early life stress exhibit enhanced inflammatory responsiveness to psychosocial stress, providing preliminary indication of a link between major depression, early life stress and adverse health outcomes in diseases associated with inflammation. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Recent evidence suggests that cardiac progenitor cells (CPCs) may improve cardiac function after injury. 	 AIMS
The underlying mechanisms are indirect, but their mediators remain unidentified. 	 AIMS
Exosomes and other secreted membrane vesicles, hereafter collectively referred to as extracellular vesicles (EVs), act as paracrine signalling mediators. 	 AIMS
Here, we report that EVs secreted by human CPCs are crucial cardioprotective agents. 	 AIMS
CPCs were derived from atrial appendage explants from patients who underwent heart valve surgery. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
CPC-conditioned medium (CM) inhibited apoptosis in mouse HL-1 cardiomyocytic cells, while enhancing tube formation in human umbilical vein endothelial cells. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
These effects were abrogated by depleting CM of EVs. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
They were reproduced by EVs secreted by CPCs, but not by those secreted by human dermal fibroblasts. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Transmission electron microscopy and nanoparticle tracking analysis showed most EVs to be 30-90 nm in diameter, the size of exosomes, although smaller and larger vesicles were also present. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
MicroRNAs most highly enriched in EVs secreted by CPCs compared with fibroblasts included miR-210, miR-132, and miR-146a-3p. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
miR-210 down-regulated its known targets, ephrin A3 and PTP1b, inhibiting apoptosis in cardiomyocytic cells. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
miR-132 down-regulated its target, RasGAP-p120, enhancing tube formation in endothelial cells. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Infarcted hearts injected with EVs from CPCs, but not from fibroblasts, exhibited less cardiomyocyte apoptosis, enhanced angiogenesis, and improved LV ejection fraction (0.8 ± 6.8 vs. -21.3 ± 4.5%; P < 0.05) compared with those injected with control medium. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
EVs are the active component of the paracrine secretion by human CPCs. 	 CONCLUSION
As a cell-free approach, EVs could circumvent many of the limitations of cell transplantation. 	 CONCLUSION
OF REVIEW Recent preclinical and clinical studies revealed that the semirandom insertion of transgenes into chromosomal DNA of hematopoietic cells may induce clonal competition, which potentially may even trigger leukemia or sarcoma. 	 PURPOSE
Insertional mutagenesis caused by gene vectors has thus led to major uncertainty among those developing advanced hematopoietic cell therapies. 	 PURPOSE
This review summarizes novel studies of underlying mechanisms; these studies have demonstrated the possibility of improved gene vector biosafety and generated new insights into stem cell biology. 	 PURPOSE
The characteristic insertion pattern of various retroviral gene vector systems may be explained by properties of the viral integrase and associated cellular cofactors. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
Cell culture assays and animal models, including disease-specific and cancer-prone mouse models, are emerging that reveal the contributions of vector features and systemic factors to induction of clonal imbalance. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
Databases summarizing vector insertion sites in dominant hematopoietic clones are evolving as new tools to identify genes that regulate clonal homeostasis. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
Mechanistic studies of insertional mutagenesis by random gene vector insertion will lead to improved tools for advanced hematopoietic cell therapy. 	 SUMMARY
Simultaneously, fascinating insights into gene networks that regulate cell fitness will be generated, with important consequences for the fields of hematology, oncology and regenerative medicine. 	 SUMMARY
Tanzania has a well-developed network of commercial ITN retailers. 	 BACKGROUND
In 2004, the government introduced a voucher subsidy for pregnant women and, in mid 2005, helped distribute free nets to under-fives in small number of districts, including Rufiji on the southern coast, during a child health campaign. 	 BACKGROUND
Contributions of these multiple insecticide-treated net delivery strategies existing at the same time and place to coverage in a poor rural community were assessed. 	 BACKGROUND
Cross-sectional household survey in 6,331 members of randomly selected 1,752 households of 31 rural villages of Demographic Surveillance System in Rufiji district, Southern Tanzania was conducted in 2006. 	 METHODS
A questionnaire was administered to every consenting respondent about net use, treatment status and delivery mechanism. 	 METHODS
Net use was 62.7% overall, 87.2% amongst infants (0 to 1 year), 81.8% amongst young children (>1 to 5 years), 54.5% amongst older children (6 to 15 years) and 59.6% amongst adults (>15 years). 	 FINDINGS
30.2% of all nets had been treated six months prior to interview. 	 FINDINGS
The biggest source of nets used by infants was purchase from the private sector with a voucher subsidy (41.8%). 	 FINDINGS
Half of nets used by young children (50.0%) and over a third of those used by older children (37.2%) were obtained free of charge through the vaccination campaign. 	 FINDINGS
The largest source of nets amongst the population overall was commercial purchase (45.1% use) and was the primary means for protecting adults (60.2% use). 	 FINDINGS
All delivery mechanisms, especially sale of nets at full market price, under-served the poorest but no difference in equity was observed between voucher-subsidized and freely distributed nets. 	 FINDINGS
All three delivery strategies enabled a poor rural community to achieve net coverage high enough to yield both personal and community level protection for the entire population. 	 CONCLUSION
Each of them reached their relevant target group and free nets only temporarily suppressed the net market, illustrating that in this setting that these are complementary rather than mutually exclusive approaches. 	 CONCLUSION
To determine whether individual fruits are differentially associated with risk of type 2 diabetes. 	 OBJECTIVE
Prospective longitudinal cohort study. 	 DESIGN
Health professionals in the United States. 	 SETTING
66,105 women from the Nurses' Health Study (1984-2008), 85,104 women from the Nurses' Health Study II (1991-2009), and 36,173 men from the Health Professionals Follow-up Study (1986-2008) who were free of major chronic diseases at baseline in these studies. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Incident cases of type 2 diabetes, identified through self report and confirmed by supplementary questionnaires. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
During 3,464,641 person years of follow-up, 12,198 participants developed type 2 diabetes. 	 RESULTS
After adjustment for personal, lifestyle, and dietary risk factors of diabetes, the pooled hazard ratio of type 2 diabetes for every three servings/week of total whole fruit consumption was 0.98 (95% confidence interval 0.97 [corrected] to 0.99). 	 RESULTS
With mutual adjustment of individual fruits, the pooled hazard ratios of type 2 diabetes for every three servings/week were 0.74 (0.66 to 0.83) for blueberries, 0.88 (0.83 to 0.93) for grapes and raisins, 0.89 (0.79 to 1.01) for prunes, 0.93 (0.90 to 0.96) for apples and pears, 0.95 (0.91 to 0.98) for bananas, 0.95 (0.91 to 0.99) for grapefruit, 0.97 (0.92 to 1.02) for peaches, plums, and apricots, 0.99 (0.95 to 1.03) for oranges, 1.03 (0.96 to 1.10) for strawberries, and 1.10 (1.02 to 1.18) for cantaloupe. 	 RESULTS
The pooled hazard ratio for the same increment in fruit juice consumption was 1.08 (1.05 to 1.11). 	 RESULTS
The associations with risk of type 2 diabetes differed significantly among individual fruits (P<0.001 in all cohorts). 	 RESULTS
Our findings suggest the presence of heterogeneity in the associations between individual fruit consumption and risk of type 2 diabetes. 	 CONCLUSION
Greater consumption of specific whole fruits, particularly blueberries, grapes, and apples, is significantly associated with a lower risk of type 2 diabetes, whereas greater consumption of fruit juice is associated with a higher risk. 	 CONCLUSION
MicroRNA-196 (miR-196), which is highly up-regulated in oral cancer cells, has been reported to be aberrantly expressed in several cancers; however, the significance of miR-196 in oral cancer has not yet been addressed. 	 BACKGROUND
Cellular functions in response to miR-196 modulation were examined, including cell growth, migration, invasion and radio/chemosensitivity. 	 METHODS
Algorithm-based studies were used to identify the regulatory target of miR-196. 	 METHODS
The miR-196 target gene and downstream molecular mechanisms were confirmed by RT-qPCR, western blot, luciferase reporter and confocal microscopy analyses. 	 METHODS
miR-196 expression was determined in paired cancer and adjacent normal tissues from oral cancer patients. 	 METHODS
Both miR-196a and miR-196b were highly over-expressed in the cancer tissue and correlated with lymph node metastasis (P = 0.001 and P = 0.006, respectively). 	 RESULTS
Functionally, miR-196 actively promoted cell migration and invasion without affecting cell growth. 	 RESULTS
Mechanistically, miR-196 performed it's their function by inhibiting NME4 expression and further activating p-JNK, suppressing TIMP1, and augmenting MMP1/9. 	 RESULTS
miR-196 contributes to oral cancer by promoting cell migration and invasion. 	 CONCLUSION
Clinically, miR-196a/b was significantly over-expressed in the cancer tissues and correlated with lymph node metastasis. 	 CONCLUSION
Thus, our findings provide new knowledge of the underlying mechanism of cancer metastasis. 	 CONCLUSION
miR-196 may serve as a promising marker for better oral cancer management. 	 CONCLUSION
Since November 2009, WHO recommends that adults infected with HIV should initiate antiretroviral therapy (ART) at CD4+ cell counts of ≤350 cells/µl rather than ≤200 cells/µl. 	 BACKGROUND
South Africa decided to adopt this strategy for pregnant and TB co-infected patients only. 	 BACKGROUND
We estimated the impact of fully adopting the new WHO guidelines on HIV epidemic dynamics and associated costs. 	 BACKGROUND
We used an established model of the transmission and control of HIV in specified sexual networks and healthcare settings. 	 METHODS
We quantified the model to represent Hlabisa subdistrict, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. 	 METHODS
We predicted the HIV epidemic dynamics, number on ART and program costs under the new guidelines relative to treating patients at ≤200 cells/µl for the next 30 years. 	 METHODS
During the first five years, the new WHO treatment guidelines require about 7% extra annual investments, whereas 28% more patients receive treatment. 	 RESULTS
Furthermore, there will be a more profound impact on HIV incidence, leading to relatively less annual costs after seven years. 	 RESULTS
The resulting cumulative net costs reach a break-even point after on average 16 years. 	 RESULTS
Our study strengthens the WHO recommendation of starting ART at ≤350 cells/µl for all HIV-infected patients. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Apart from the benefits associated with many life-years saved, a modest frontloading appears to lead to net savings within a limited time-horizon. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This finding is robust to alternative assumptions and foreseeable changes in ART prices and effectiveness. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Therefore, South Africa should aim at rapidly expanding its healthcare infrastructure to fully embrace the new WHO guidelines. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To identify factors affecting the short-term prognosis of patients with acutely exacerbated chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). 	 PURPOSE
The 590 patients having COPD as primary disease who were hospitalized in the pneumology unit of a university hospital from 1981 to 1990 were studied. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
A standardized protocol for the treatment of acutely exacerbated COPD was adopted for all the patients. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
The patient records were retrospectively analyzed by two observers, and 23 clinical and laboratory variables defining the patient status on admission were collected. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Age and arterial gas data were also taken into account, and the outcome mortality was recorded. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Interobserver reproducibility was tested by computing the kappa coefficient and Spearman's rho for dichotomous and continuous variables, respectively. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
The relationship of clinical and laboratory factors to the outcome was assessed first by univariate analysis and then by a logistic regression analysis assessing the independent predictive role of variables previously shown to be univariately correlated with mortality. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
The mortality rate was 14.4%. 	 RESULTS
The logistic regression analysis identified four independent predictors of death: age (odds ratio [OR] 1.07; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.04 to 1.11), alveolar-arterial oxygen gradient greater than 41 mm Hg (OR 2.33; 95% CI 1.39 to 3.90), ventricular arrhythmias (OR 1.91; 95% CI 1.10 to 3.31), and atrial fibrillation (OR 2.27; 95% CI 1.14 to 4.51). 	 RESULTS
Patients with acutely exacerbated COPD having a high risk of death can be identified at the time of admission. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Variables reflecting heart dysfunction are important determinants of this risk. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Among pulmonary function data, only alveolar-arterial oxygen gradient contributes to the predictive model. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To investigate the association between gastric cancer and prior infection with Helicobacter pylori. 	 OBJECTIVE
Case-control comparison of prevalence of IgG antibodies to H pylori in blood samples collected prospectively, before diagnosis of gastric cancer in the cases. 	 DESIGN
Presence of H pylori antibody (greater than 10 micrograms IgG/ml) determined by enzyme linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). 	 DESIGN
29 men with a subsequent diagnosis of gastric cancer and 116 aged matched controls selected from over 22,000 middle aged men participating in two ongoing cohort studies (the British United Provident Association study and the Caerphilly collaborative heart disease study), who had provided blood samples during 1975-1982. 	 SUBJECTS
20 of the 29 cases (69%) and 54 of the 116 controls (47%) were positive for H pylori specific antibody. 	 RESULTS
The median specific IgG concentration was significantly higher in the cases than controls (90 micrograms/ml v 3.6 micrograms/ml, p less than 0.01). 	 RESULTS
The estimated odds ratio for the risk of gastric cancer in those with a history of infection with H pylori was 2.77 (95% confidence interval 1.04 to 7.97, 2p = 0.039). 	 RESULTS
H pylori infection may be an important cause of gastric cancer; between 35% and 55% of all cases may be associated with such an infection. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The objective of this study was to examine differences in cancer survival between socioeconomic groups in England, with particular attention to survival in the short term of follow-up. 	 UNLABELLED
Individuals diagnosed with colorectal cancer between 1996 and 2004 in England were identified from cancer registry records. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Five-year cumulative relative survival and excess death rates were computed. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
For colon cancer there was a very high excess death rate in the first month of follow-up, and the excess death rate was highest in the socioeconomically deprived groups. 	 RESULTS
In subsequent periods, excess mortality rates were much lower and there was less socioeconomic variation. 	 RESULTS
The pattern of variation in excess death rates was generally similar in rectal cancer but the socioeconomic difference in death rates persisted several years longer. 	 RESULTS
If the excess death rates in the entire colorectal cancer patient population were the same as those observed in the most affluent socioeconomic quintile, the annual reduction would be 360 deaths in colon cancer and 336 deaths in rectal cancer patients. 	 RESULTS
These deaths occurred almost entirely in the first month and the first year after diagnosis. 	 RESULTS
Recent developments in the national cancer control agenda have included an increasing emphasis on outcome measures, with short-term cancer survival an operational measure of variation and progress in cancer control. 	 CONCLUSION
In providing clues to the nature of the survival differences between socioeconomic groups, the results presented here give strong support for this strategy. 	 CONCLUSION
cholesterol has a causal role in the development of cardiovascular disease. 	 BACKGROUND LDL
Improved understanding of the biological mechanisms that underlie the metabolism and regulation of LDL cholesterol might help to identify novel therapeutic targets. 	 BACKGROUND LDL
We therefore did a genome-wide association study of LDL-cholesterol concentrations. 	 BACKGROUND LDL
We used genome-wide association data from up to 11,685 participants with measures of circulating LDL-cholesterol concentrations across five studies, including data for 293 461 autosomal single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) with a minor allele frequency of 5% or more that passed our quality control criteria. 	 METHODS
We also used data from a second genome-wide array in up to 4337 participants from three of these five studies, with data for 290,140 SNPs. 	 METHODS
We did replication studies in two independent populations consisting of up to 4979 participants. 	 METHODS
Statistical approaches, including meta-analysis and linkage disequilibrium plots, were used to refine association signals; we analysed pooled data from all seven populations to determine the effect of each SNP on variations in circulating LDL-cholesterol concentrations. 	 METHODS
In our initial scan, we found two SNPs (rs599839 [p=1.7x10(-15)] and rs4970834 [p=3.0x10(-11)]) that showed genome-wide statistical association with LDL cholesterol at chromosomal locus 1p13.3. 	 FINDINGS
The second genome screen found a third statistically associated SNP at the same locus (rs646776 [p=4.3x10(-9)]). 	 FINDINGS
Meta-analysis of data from all studies showed an association of SNPs rs599839 (combined p=1.2x10(-33)) and rs646776 (p=4.8x10(-20)) with LDL-cholesterol concentrations. 	 FINDINGS
SNPs rs599839 and rs646776 both explained around 1% of the variation in circulating LDL-cholesterol concentrations and were associated with about 15% of an SD change in LDL cholesterol per allele, assuming an SD of 1 mmol/L.   INTERPRETATION We found evidence for a novel locus for LDL cholesterol on chromosome 1p13.3. 	 FINDINGS
These results potentially provide insight into the biological mechanisms that underlie the regulation of LDL cholesterol and might help in the discovery of novel therapeutic targets for cardiovascular disease. 	 FINDINGS
Aedes aegypti, the major vector of dengue viruses, often breeds in water storage containers used by households without tap water supply, and occurs in high numbers even in dense urban areas. 	 BACKGROUND
We analysed the interaction between human population density and lack of tap water as a cause of dengue fever outbreaks with the aim of identifying geographic areas at highest risk. 	 BACKGROUND
We conducted an individual-level cohort study in a population of 75,000 geo-referenced households in Vietnam over the course of two epidemics, on the basis of dengue hospital admissions (n = 3,013). 	 METHODS
We applied space-time scan statistics and mathematical models to confirm the findings. 	 METHODS
We identified a surprisingly narrow range of critical human population densities between around 3,000 to 7,000 people/km² prone to dengue outbreaks. 	 RESULTS
In the study area, this population density was typical of villages and some peri-urban areas. 	 RESULTS
Scan statistics showed that areas with a high population density or adequate water supply did not experience severe outbreaks. 	 RESULTS
The risk of dengue was higher in rural than in urban areas, largely explained by lack of piped water supply, and in human population densities more often falling within the critical range. 	 RESULTS
Mathematical modeling suggests that simple assumptions regarding area-level vector/host ratios may explain the occurrence of outbreaks. 	 RESULTS
Rural areas may contribute at least as much to the dissemination of dengue fever as cities. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Improving water supply and vector control in areas with a human population density critical for dengue transmission could increase the efficiency of control efforts. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Please see later in the article for the Editors' Summary. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is now the most prevalent and debilitating disease affecting the Chinese population. 	 AIMS
The goal of the present manuscript was to analyse cardiovascular risk factors and the prevalence of non-fatal CVDs from data gathered from the 2007-2008 China National Diabetes and Metabolic Disorders Study. 	 AIMS
A nationally representative sample of 46 239 adults, 20 years of age or older, was randomly recruited using a multistage stratified design method. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Lifestyle factors, diagnosis of CVD, stroke, diabetes, and family history of each subject were collected, and an oral glucose tolerance test or a standard meal test was performed. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Various non-fatal CVDs were reported by the subjects. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
software was used to perform all weighted statistical analyses, with P < 0.05 considered statistically significant. 	 SUDAAN
The prevalence of coronary heart disease, stroke, and CVDs was 0.74, 1.07, and 1.78% in males; and 0.51, 0.60, and 1.10% in females, respectively. 	 SUDAAN
The presence of CVDs increased with age in both males and females. 	 SUDAAN
The prevalence of being overweight or obese, hypertension, dyslipidaemia, or hyperglycaemia was 36.67, 30.09, 67.43, and 26.69% in males; and 29.77, 24.79, 63.98, and 23.62% in females, respectively. 	 SUDAAN
In the total sample of 46 239 patients, the prevalence of one subject having 1, 2, 3, or ≥4 of the 5 defined risk factors (i.e. smoking, overweight or obese, hypertension, dyslipidaemia, or hyperglycaemia) was 31.17, 27.38, 17.76, and 10.19%, respectively. 	 SUDAAN
Following adjustment for gender and age, the odds ratio of CVDs for those who had 1, 2, 3, or ≥4 risk factors was 2.36, 4.24, 4.88, and 7.22, respectively, when compared with patients with no risk factors. 	 SUDAAN
Morbidity attributed to the five defined cardiovascular risk factors was high in the Chinese population, with multiple risk factors present in the same individual. 	 CONCLUSION
Therefore, reasonable prevention strategies should be designed to attenuate the rapid rise in cardiovascular morbidity. 	 CONCLUSION
The role of the diffusible messenger nitric oxide (NO) in the regulation of pain transmission is still a debate of matter, pro-nociceptive and/or anti-nociceptive. 	 BACKGROUND
S-Nitrosylation, the reversible post-translational modification of selective cysteine residues in proteins, has emerged as an important mechanism by which NO acts as a signaling molecule. 	 BACKGROUND
The occurrence of S-nitrosylation in the spinal cord and its targets that may modulate pain transmission remain unclarified. 	 BACKGROUND
The "biotin-switch" method and matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry were employed for identifying S-nitrosylated proteins. 	 BACKGROUND
Here we show that actin was a major protein S-nitrosylated in the spinal cord by the NO donor, S-nitroso-N-acetyl-DL-penicillamine (SNAP). 	 RESULTS
Interestingly, actin was S-nitrosylated, more in the S2 fraction than in the P2 fraction of the spinal homogenate. 	 RESULTS
Treatment of PC12 cells with SNAP caused rapid S-nitrosylation of actin and inhibited dopamine release from the cells. 	 RESULTS
Just like cytochalasin B, which depolymerizes actin, SNAP decreased the amount of filamentous actin cytoskeleton just beneath the membrane. 	 RESULTS
The inhibition of dopamine release was not attenuated by inhibitors of soluble guanylyl cyclase and cGMP-dependent protein kinase. 	 RESULTS
The present study demonstrates that actin is a major S-nitrosylated protein in the spinal cord and suggests that NO directly regulates neurotransmitter release by S-nitrosylation in addition to the well-known phosphorylation by cGMP-dependent protein kinase. 	 CONCLUSION
Lobular involution, or age-related atrophy of breast lobules, is inversely associated with breast cancer risk, and mammographic breast density (MBD) is positively associated with breast cancer risk. 	 BACKGROUND
To evaluate whether lobular involution and MBD are independently associated with breast cancer risk in women with benign breast disease, we performed a nested cohort study among women (n = 2666) with benign breast disease diagnosed at Mayo Clinic between January 1, 1985, and December 31, 1991 and a mammogram available within 6 months of the diagnosis. 	 METHODS
Women were followed up for an average of 13.3 years to document any breast cancer incidence. 	 METHODS
Lobular involution was categorized as none, partial, or complete; parenchymal pattern was classified using the Wolfe classification as N1 (nondense), P1, P2 (ductal prominence occupying <25%, or >25% of the breast, respectively), or DY (extremely dense). 	 METHODS
Hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) to assess associations of lobular involution and MBD with breast cancer risk were estimated using adjusted Cox proportional hazards model. 	 METHODS
All tests of statistical significance were two-sided. 	 METHODS
After adjustment for MBD, having no or partial lobular involution was associated with a higher risk of breast cancer than having complete involution (none: HR of breast cancer incidence = 2.62, 95% CI = 1.39 to 4.94; partial: HR of breast cancer incidence = 1.61, 95% CI = 1.03 to 2.53; P(trend) = .002). 	 RESULTS
Similarly, after adjustment for involution, having dense breasts was associated with higher risk of breast cancer than having nondense breasts (for DY: HR of breast cancer incidence = 1.67, 95% CI = 1.03 to 2.73; for P2: HR of breast cancer incidence = 1.96, 95% CI = 1.20 to 3.21; for P1: HR of breast cancer incidence = 1.23, 95% CI = 0.67 to 2.26; P(trend) = .02). 	 RESULTS
Having a combination of no involution and dense breasts was associated with higher risk of breast cancer than having complete involution and nondense breasts (HR of breast cancer incidence = 4.08, 95% CI = 1.72 to 9.68; P = .006). 	 RESULTS
Lobular involution and MBD are independently associated with breast cancer incidence; combined, they are associated with an even greater risk for breast cancer. 	 CONCLUSION
Matrix vesicles (MVs), secreted by vascular smooth muscle cells (VSMCs), form the first nidus for mineralization and fetuin-A, a potent circulating inhibitor of calcification, is specifically loaded into MVs. 	 RATIONALE
However, the processes of fetuin-A intracellular trafficking and MV biogenesis are poorly understood. 	 RATIONALE
The objective of this study is to investigate the regulation, and role, of MV biogenesis in VSMC calcification. 	 OBJECTIVE
Alexa488-labeled fetuin-A was internalized by human VSMCs, trafficked via the endosomal system, and exocytosed from multivesicular bodies via exosome release. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
VSMC-derived exosomes were enriched with the tetraspanins CD9, CD63, and CD81, and their release was regulated by sphingomyelin phosphodiesterase 3. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Comparative proteomics showed that VSMC-derived exosomes were compositionally similar to exosomes from other cell sources but also shared components with osteoblast-derived MVs including calcium-binding and extracellular matrix proteins. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Elevated extracellular calcium was found to induce sphingomyelin phosphodiesterase 3 expression and the secretion of calcifying exosomes from VSMCs in vitro, and chemical inhibition of sphingomyelin phosphodiesterase 3 prevented VSMC calcification. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
In vivo, multivesicular bodies containing exosomes were observed in vessels from chronic kidney disease patients on dialysis, and CD63 was found to colocalize with calcification. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Importantly, factors such as tumor necrosis factor-α and platelet derived growth factor-BB were also found to increase exosome production, leading to increased calcification of VSMCs in response to calcifying conditions. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
This study identifies MVs as exosomes and shows that factors that can increase exosome release can promote vascular calcification in response to environmental calcium stress. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Modulation of the exosome release pathway may be as a novel therapeutic target for prevention. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Vascular endothelial dysfunction and inflammation are hallmarks of atherosclerosis. 	 AIMS
Krüppel-like factor 2 (KLF2) is a key mediator of anti-inflammatory and anti-atherosclerotic properties of the endothelium. 	 AIMS
However, little is known of the molecular mechanisms for regulating KLF2 transcriptional activation. 	 AIMS
Here, we found that histone deacetylase 5 (HDAC5) associates with KLF2 and represses KLF2 transcriptional activation. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
HDAC5 resided with KLF2 in the nuclei of human umbilical cord vein endothelial cells (HUVECs). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Steady laminar flow attenuated the association of HDAC5 with KLF2 via stimulating HDAC5 phosphorylation-dependent nuclear export in HUVEC. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
We also mapped the KLF2-HDAC5-interacting domains and found that the N-terminal region of HDAC5 interacts with the C-terminal domain of KLF2. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Chromatin immunoprecipitation and luciferase reporter assays showed that HDAC5 through a direct association with KLF2 suppressed KLF2 transcriptional activation. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
HDAC5 overexpression inhibited KLF2-dependent endothelial nitric oxide synthesis (eNOS) promoter activity in COS7 cell and gene expression in both HUVECs and bovine aortic endothelial cells (BAECs). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Conversely, HDAC5 silencing enhanced KLF2 transcription and hence eNOS expression in HUVEC. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Moreover, we observed that the level of eNOS protein in the thoracic aorta isolated from HDAC5 knockout mice was higher, whereas expression of pro-inflammatory vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 was lower, compared with those of HDAC5 wild-type mice. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
We reveal a novel role of HDAC5 in modulating the KLF2 transcriptional activation and eNOS expression. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These findings suggest that HDAC5, a binding partner and modulator of KLF2, could be a new therapeutic target to prevent vascular endothelial dysfunction associated with cardiovascular diseases. 	 CONCLUSIONS
With the growing number of adult cancer survivors, there is increasing need for information that links potential late and long term effects with specific treatment regimens. 	 INTRODUCTION
Few adult cancer patients are treated on clinical trials; however, patients previously enrolled in these trials are an important source of information about treatment-related late effects. 	 INTRODUCTION
Focusing on colorectal cancer survivors, we used the database from five phase III randomized clinical trials from the National Surgical Adjuvant Breast & Bowel Project (NSABP) to recruit and enroll long term survivors in a study of late health outcomes and quality of life. 	 METHODS
We describe the challenges to recruitment of patients more than 5 -20 years after treatment. 	 METHODS
Sixty-five NSABP treatment sites were invited to enroll patients in the study. 	 RESULTS
Sixty participated with the potential to recruit 2,408 patients. 	 RESULTS
We received registration forms on only 976 patients (41%) of whom 744 (76%) expressed interest in participating and 708 completed interviews (95% of those expressing interest; 29% of total potential sample). 	 RESULTS
There were multiple barriers to recruitment (difficulty locating patients, lack of institutional commitment, lack of patient interest). 	 RESULTS
Patients treated on clinical trials are an important potential source for examining the late effects of cancer treatments. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Retrospective recruitment has substantial limitations. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In the future, mechanisms should be established for prospective long-term follow-up to identify and understand the frequency and type of late effects associated with cancer treatments. 	 CONCLUSIONS
As cancer patients are living longer, it will be important to learn from participants in clinical trials whether or not specific treatment regimens are associated with any serious late effects. 	 IMPLICATIONS FOR CANCER SURVIVORS
A self-report screening scale of adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), the World Health Organization (WHO) Adult ADHD Self-Report Scale (ASRS) was developed in conjunction with revision of the WHO Composite International Diagnostic Interview (CIDI). 	 BACKGROUND
The current report presents data on concordance of the ASRS and of a short-form ASRS screener with blind clinical diagnoses in a community sample. 	 BACKGROUND
The ASRS includes 18 questions about frequency of recent DSM-IV Criterion A symptoms of adult ADHD. 	 METHOD
The ASRS screener consists of six out of these 18 questions that were selected based on stepwise logistic regression to optimize concordance with the clinical classification. 	 METHOD
responses were compared to blind clinical ratings of DSM-IV adult ADHD in a sample of 154 respondents who previously participated in the US National Comorbidity Survey Replication (NCS-R), oversampling those who reported childhood ADHD and adult persistence. 	 ASRS
Each ASRS symptom measure was significantly related to the comparable clinical symptom rating, but varied substantially in concordance (Cohen's kappa in the range 0.16-0.81). 	 RESULTS
Optimal scoring to predict clinical syndrome classifications was to sum unweighted dichotomous responses across all 18 ASRS questions. 	 RESULTS
However, because of the wide variation in symptom-level concordance, the unweighted six-question ASRS screener outperformed the unweighted 18-question ASRS in sensitivity (68.7% v. 56.3%), specificity (99.5% v. 98.3%), total classification accuracy (97.9% v. 96.2%), and kappa (0.76 v. 0.58). 	 RESULTS
Clinical calibration in larger samples might show that a weighted version of the 18-question ASRS outperforms the six-question ASRS screener. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Until that time, however, the unweighted screener should be preferred to the full ASRS, both in community surveys and in clinical outreach and case-finding initiatives. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To define copy number alterations and gene expression signatures underlying pediatric high-grade glioma (HGG). 	 PURPOSE
We conducted a high-resolution analysis of genomic imbalances in 78 de novo pediatric HGGs, including seven diffuse intrinsic pontine gliomas, and 10 HGGs arising in children who received cranial irradiation for a previous cancer using single nucleotide polymorphism microarray analysis. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Gene expression was analyzed with gene expression microarrays for 53 tumors. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Results were compared with publicly available data from adult tumors. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Significant differences in copy number alterations distinguish childhood and adult glioblastoma. 	 RESULTS
was the predominant target of focal amplification in childhood HGG, including diffuse intrinsic pontine gliomas, and gene expression analyses supported an important role for deregulated PDGFRalpha signaling in pediatric HGG. 	 PDGFRA
No IDH1 hotspot mutations were found in pediatric tumors, highlighting molecular differences with adult secondary glioblastoma. 	 PDGFRA
Pediatric and adult glioblastomas were clearly distinguished by frequent gain of chromosome 1q (30% v 9%, respectively) and lower frequency of chromosome 7 gain (13% v 74%, respectively) and 10q loss (35% v 80%, respectively). 	 PDGFRA
amplification and 1q gain occurred at significantly higher frequency in irradiation-induced tumors, suggesting that these are initiating events in childhood gliomagenesis. 	 PDGFRA
A subset of pediatric HGGs showed minimal copy number changes. 	 PDGFRA
Integrated molecular profiling showed substantial differences in the molecular features underlying pediatric and adult HGG, indicating that findings in adult tumors cannot be simply extrapolated to younger patients. 	 CONCLUSION
PDGFRalpha may be a useful target for pediatric HGG, including diffuse pontine gliomas. 	 CONCLUSION
Overexpression of the oncogen Stathmin has been linked to aggressive endometrial carcinoma and a potential for PI3Kinase inhibitors in this disease. 	 PURPOSE
We wanted to validate the prognostic value of Stathmin expression in a large prospective multicenter setting. 	 PURPOSE
As lymph node sampling is part of current surgical staging, we also aimed to test if Stathmin expression in endometrial curettage specimens could predict lymph node metastasis. 	 PURPOSE
A total of 1,076 endometrial cancer patients have been recruited from 10 centers to investigate the biological tumor marker Stathmin in relation to clinicopathologic variables, including lymph node status and survival. 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Stathmin immunohistochemical staining was carried out in 477 hysterectomy and 818 curettage specimens. 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Seventy-one percent of the patients (n = 763) were subjected to lymph node sampling, of which 12% had metastatic nodes (n = 94). 	 RESULTS
Overexpression of Stathmin was detected in 37% (302 of 818) of the curettage and in 18% (84 of 477) of the hysterectomy specimens investigated. 	 RESULTS
Stathmin overexpression in curettage and hysterectomy specimens were highly correlated and significantly associated with nonendometrioid histology, high grade, and aneuploidy. 	 RESULTS
Stathmin analysis in preoperative curettage samples significantly correlated with, and was an independent predictor of, lymph node metastases. 	 RESULTS
High Stathmin expression was associated with poor disease-specific survival (P ≤ 0.002) both in curettage and hysterectomy specimens. 	 RESULTS
Stathmin immunohistochemical staining identifies endometrial carcinomas with lymph node metastases and poor survival. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The value, as a predictive marker for response to PI3Kinase inhibition and as a tool to stratify patients for lymph node sampling in endometrial carcinomas, remains to be determined. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Induction of an inflammatory response is thought to have a significant role in the complications that follow cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB). 	 INTRODUCTION
The statin drugs are increasingly being recognized as having potent anti-inflammatory effects and hence have potential to influence an important mechanism of injury in CPB, although there is no current confirmation that this is indeed the case. 	 INTRODUCTION
Our objective was to systematically review if pre-operative prophylactic statin therapy, compared with placebo or standard of care, can decrease the inflammatory response in people undergoing heart surgery with CPB. 	 INTRODUCTION
We performed a systematic and comprehensive literature search for all randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of open heart surgery with CPB in adults or children who received prophylactic statin treatment prior to CPB, with reported outcomes which included markers of inflammation. 	 METHODS
Two authors independently identified eligible studies, extracted data, and assessed study quality using standardized instruments. 	 METHODS
Weighted mean difference (WMD) was the primary summary statistic with data pooled using a random effects model. 	 METHODS
Descriptive analysis was used when data could not be pooled. 	 METHODS
Eight RCTs were included in the review, with the number of trials for each inflammatory outcome being even more limited. 	 RESULTS
Pooled data demonstrated benefit with the use of statin to attenuate the post-CPB increase in interleukins 6 and 8 (IL-6, IL-8), peak high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) post-CPB (WMD [95% confidence interval (CI)] -23.5 pg/ml [-36.6 to -10.5]; -23.4 pg/ml [-35.8 to -11.0]; -15.3 mg/L [CI -26.9 to -3.7]; -2.10 pg/ml [-3.83 to -0.37] respectively). 	 RESULTS
Very limited RCT evidence suggests that prophylactic statin therapy may also decrease adhesion molecules following CPB including neutrophil CD11b and soluble P (sP)-selectin. 	 RESULTS
Although the RCT evidence may suggest a reduction in post-CPB inflammation by statin therapy, the evidence is not definitive due to significant limitations. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Several of the trials were not methodologically rigorous and statin intervention was highly variable in this small number of studies. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This systematic review demonstrates that there is a significant gap that exists in the current literature in regards to the potential anti-inflammatory effect of statin therapy prior to CPB. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To assess the effect of 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25-OHD) levels on pregnancy outcomes and birth variables. 	 OBJECTIVE
Systematic review and meta-analysis. 	 DESIGN
Medline (1966 to August 2012), PubMed (2008 to August 2012), Embase (1980 to August 2012), CINAHL (1981 to August 2012), the Cochrane database of systematic reviews, and the Cochrane database of registered clinical trials. 	 DATA SOURCES
Studies reporting on the association between serum 25-OHD levels during pregnancy and the outcomes of interest (pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, bacterial vaginosis, caesarean section, small for gestational age infants, birth weight, birth length, and head circumference). 	 STUDY SELECTION
Two authors independently extracted data from original research articles, including key indicators of study quality. 	 DATA EXTRACTION
We pooled the most adjusted odds ratios and weighted mean differences. 	 DATA EXTRACTION
Associations were tested in subgroups representing different patient characteristics and study quality. 	 DATA EXTRACTION
3357 studies were identified and reviewed for eligibility. 	 RESULTS
31 eligible studies were included in the final analysis. 	 RESULTS
Insufficient serum levels of 25-OHD were associated with gestational diabetes (pooled odds ratio 1.49, 95% confidence interval 1.18 to 1.89), pre-eclampsia (1.79, 1.25 to 2.58), and small for gestational age infants (1.85, 1.52 to 2.26). 	 RESULTS
Pregnant women with low serum 25-OHD levels had an increased risk of bacterial vaginosis and low birthweight infants but not delivery by caesarean section. 	 RESULTS
Vitamin D insufficiency is associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, and small for gestational age infants. 	 CONCLUSION
Pregnant women with low 25-OHD levels had an increased risk of bacterial vaginosis and lower birth weight infants, but not delivery by caesarean section. 	 CONCLUSION
Methylphenidate (MPH), the most commonly prescribed drug for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), has a short half-life, which necessitates multiple daily doses. 	 OBJECTIVE
The need for multiple doses produces problems with medication administration during school and after-school hours, and therefore with compliance. 	 OBJECTIVE
Previous long-acting stimulants and preparations have shown effects equivalent to twice-daily dosing of MPH. 	 OBJECTIVE
This study tests the efficacy and duration of action, in natural and laboratory settings, of an extended-release MPH preparation designed to last 12 hours and therefore be equivalent to 3-times-daily dosing. 	 OBJECTIVE
Sixty-eight children with ADHD, 6 to 12 years old, participated in a within-subject, double-blind comparison of placebo, immediate-release (IR) MPH 3 times a day (tid), and Concerta, a once-daily MPH formulation. 	 METHODS
Three dosing levels of medication were used: 5 mg IR MPH tid/18 mg Concerta once a day (qd); 	 METHODS
10 mg IR MPH tid/36 mg Concerta qd; 	 METHODS
and 15 mg IR MPH tid/54 mg Concerta qd. 	 METHODS
All children were currently medicated with MPH at enrollment, and each child's dose level was based on that child's MPH dosing before the study. 	 METHODS
The doses of Concerta were selected to be comparable to the daily doses of MPH that each child received. 	 METHODS
To achieve the ascending rate of MPH delivery determined by initial investigations to provide the necessary continuous coverage, Concerta doses were 20% higher on a daily basis than a comparable tid regimen of IR MPH. 	 METHODS
Children received each medication condition for 7 days. 	 METHODS
The investigation was conducted in the context of a background clinical behavioral intervention in both the natural environment and the laboratory setting. 	 METHODS
Parents received behavioral parent training and teachers were taught to establish a school-home daily report card (DRC). 	 METHODS
A DRC is a list of individual target behaviors that represent a child's most salient areas of impairment. 	 METHODS
Teachers set daily goals for each child's impairment targets, and parents provided rewards at home for goal attainment. 	 METHODS
Each weekday, teachers completed the DRC, and it was used as a dependent measure of individualized medication response. 	 METHODS
Teachers and parents also completed weekly standardized ratings of behavior and treatment effectiveness. 	 METHODS
To evaluate the time course of medication effects, children spent 12 hours in a laboratory setting on Saturdays and medication effects were measured using procedures and methods adapted from our summer treatment program. 	 METHODS
Measures of classroom behavior and academic productivity/accuracy were taken in a laboratory classroom setting during which children completed independent math and reading worksheets. 	 METHODS
Measures of social behavior were taken in structured, small-group board game settings and unstructured recess settings. 	 METHODS
Measures included behavior frequency counts, academic problems completed and accuracy, independent observations, teacher and counselor ratings, and individualized behavioral target goals. 	 METHODS
Reports of adverse events, sleep quality, and appetite were collected. 	 METHODS
On virtually all measures in all settings, both drug conditions were significantly different from placebo, and the 2 drugs were not different from each other. 	 RESULTS
In children's regular school settings, both medications improved behavior as measured by teacher ratings and individualized target behaviors (the DRC); these effects were seen into the evening as measured by parent ratings. 	 RESULTS
In the laboratory setting, effects of Concerta were equivalent to tid MPH and lasted at least through 12 hours after dosing. 	 RESULTS
Concerta was significantly superior to tid MPH on 2 parent rating scores, and when asked, more parents preferred Concerta than preferred tid IR MPH or placebo. 	 RESULTS
Side effects on children's sleep and appetite were similar for the 2 preparations. 	 RESULTS
In the lab setting, both medications improved productivity and accuracy on arithmetic seatwork assignments, disruptive and on-task behavior, and classroom rule following. 	 RESULTS
Both medications improved children's rule following and negative behavior in small group board games, as well as in unstructured recess settings. 	 RESULTS
Individual target behaviors also showed significant improvement with medication across domains in the laboratory setting. 	 RESULTS
Children's behavior across settings deteriorated across the laboratory day, and the primary effect of medication was to prevent this deterioration as the day wore on. 	 RESULTS
Results support the use of background behavioral treatment in clinical trials of stimulant medication, and illustrate the utility of a measure of individualized daily target goals (ie, the DRC) as an objective measure of medication response in both the laboratory and natural school settings. 	 RESULTS
This investigation clearly supports the efficacy of the Concerta long-acting formulation of MPH for parents who desire to have medication benefits for their child throughout the day and early evening. 	 CONCLUSION
(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED) 	 CONCLUSION
Shine-Dalgarno (SD) signal has long been viewed as the dominant translation initiation signal in prokaryotes. 	 BACKGROUND
Recently, leaderless genes, which lack 5'-untranslated regions (5'-UTR) on their mRNAs, have been shown abundant in archaea. 	 BACKGROUND
However, current large-scale in silico analyses on initiation mechanisms in bacteria are mainly based on the SD-led initiation way, other than the leaderless one. 	 BACKGROUND
The study of leaderless genes in bacteria remains open, which causes uncertain understanding of translation initiation mechanisms for prokaryotes. 	 BACKGROUND
Here, we study signals in translation initiation regions of all genes over 953 bacterial and 72 archaeal genomes, then make an effort to construct an evolutionary scenario in view of leaderless genes in bacteria. 	 RESULTS
With an algorithm designed to identify multi-signal in upstream regions of genes for a genome, we classify all genes into SD-led, TA-led and atypical genes according to the category of the most probable signal in their upstream sequences. 	 RESULTS
Particularly, occurrence of TA-like signals about 10 bp upstream to translation initiation site (TIS) in bacteria most probably means leaderless genes. 	 RESULTS
Our analysis reveals that leaderless genes are totally widespread, although not dominant, in a variety of bacteria. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Especially for Actinobacteria and Deinococcus-Thermus, more than twenty percent of genes are leaderless. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Analyzed in closely related bacterial genomes, our results imply that the change of translation initiation mechanisms, which happens between the genes deriving from a common ancestor, is linearly dependent on the phylogenetic relationship. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Analysis on the macroevolution of leaderless genes further shows that the proportion of leaderless genes in bacteria has a decreasing trend in evolution. 	 CONCLUSIONS
While it is established that management strategies and outcomes differ by gender for many diseases, its effect on infection has not been adequately studied. 	 CONTEXT
To investigate the role of gender among hospitalized patients treated for infection. 	 OBJECTIVE
Observational cohort study conducted during a 26-month period from December 1996 through January 1999. 	 DESIGN
University-affiliated hospital. 	 SETTING
A total of 892 patients in the surgical units of the hospital with 1470 consecutive infectious episodes (782 in men and 688 in women). 	 PARTICIPANTS
Mortality during hospitalization by gender for infection episodes overall and for specific infectious sites, including lung, peritoneum, bloodstream, catheter, urine, surgical site, and skin/soft tissue. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Among all infections, there was no significant difference in mortality based on gender (men, 11.1% vs women, 14.2%; P = .07). 	 RESULTS
After logistic regression analysis, factors independently associated with mortality included higher APACHE (Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation) II score, older age, malignancy, blood transfusion, and diagnosis of infection more than 7 days after admission, but not gender (female odds ratio [OR] for death, 1.32; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.90-1.94; P = .16). 	 RESULTS
Mortality was higher in women for lung (men, 18% vs women, 34%; P = .002) and soft tissue (men, 2% vs women, 10%; P < or = .05) infection; for other infectious sites, mortality did not differ by gender. 	 RESULTS
Factors associated with mortality due to pneumonia by logistic regression included higher APACHE II score, malignancy, diabetes mellitus, diagnosis of infection more than 7 days after admission, older age, transplantation, and female gender (OR for death, 2.25; 95% CI, 1.17-4.32; P = .02). 	 RESULTS
Although gender may not be predictive of mortality among all infections, women appear to be at increased risk for death from hospital-acquired pneumonia, even after controlling for other comorbidities. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDA) is characterised by stromal desmoplasia and vascular dysfunction, which critically impair drug delivery. 	 OBJECTIVE
This study examines the role of an abundant extracellular matrix component, the megadalton glycosaminoglycan hyaluronan (HA), as a novel therapeutic target in PDA. 	 OBJECTIVE
Using a genetically engineered mouse model of PDA, the authors enzymatically depleted HA by a clinically formulated PEGylated human recombinant PH20 hyaluronidase (PEGPH20) and examined tumour perfusion, vascular permeability and drug delivery. 	 METHODS
The preclinical utility of PEGPH20 in combination with gemcitabine was assessed by short-term and survival studies. 	 METHODS
PEGPH20 rapidly and sustainably depleted HA, inducing the re-expansion of PDA blood vessels and increasing the intratumoral delivery of two chemotherapeutic agents, doxorubicin and gemcitabine. 	 RESULTS
Moreover, PEGPH20 triggered fenestrations and interendothelial junctional gaps in PDA tumour endothelia and promoted a tumour-specific increase in macromolecular permeability. 	 RESULTS
Finally, combination therapy with PEGPH20 and gemcitabine led to inhibition of PDA tumour growth and prolonged survival over gemcitabine monotherapy, suggesting immediate clinical utility. 	 RESULTS
The authors demonstrate that HA impedes the intratumoral vasculature in PDA and propose that its enzymatic depletion be explored as a means to improve drug delivery and response in patients with pancreatic cancer. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Deregulated or excessive host immune responses contribute to the pathogenesis of sepsis. 	 INTRODUCTION
Toll-like receptor (TLR) signaling pathways and their negative regulators play a pivotal role in the modulation of host immune responses and the development of sepsis. 	 INTRODUCTION
The objective of this study was to investigate the association of variants in the TLR signaling pathway genes and their negative regulator genes with susceptibility to sepsis in the Chinese Han population. 	 INTRODUCTION
Patients with severe sepsis (n = 378) and healthy control subjects (n = 390) were enrolled. 	 METHODS
Five genes, namely TLR2, TLR4, TLR9, MyD88 and TOLLIP, were investigated for their association with sepsis susceptibility by a tag single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) strategy. 	 METHODS
Twelve tag SNPs were selected based on the data of Chinese Han in Beijing from the HapMap project and genotyped by direct sequencing. 	 METHODS
The mRNA expression levels of TOLLIP were determined using real-time quantitative Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) assays, and concentrations of tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). 	 METHODS
Our results showed that the minor C-allele of rs5743867 in TOLLIP was significantly associated with the decreased risk of sepsis (Padj = 0.00062, odds ratio (OR)adj = 0.71, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.59 to 0.86) after adjustment for covariates in multiple logistic regression analysis. 	 RESULTS
A 3-SNP haplotype block harboring the associated SNP rs5743867 also displayed strong association with omnibus test P value of 0.00049. 	 RESULTS
Haplotype GTC showed a protective role against sepsis (Padj = 0.0012), while haplotype GCT showed an increased risk for sepsis (Padj = 0.00092). 	 RESULTS
After exposure to lipopolysaccharide (LPS), TOLLIP mRNA expression levels in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from homozygotes for the rs5743867C allele were significantly higher than in heterozygotes and homozygotes for the rs5743867T allele (P = 0.013 and P = 0.01, respectively). 	 RESULTS
Moreover, the concentrations of TNF-α and IL-6 in culture supernatants were significantly lower in the subjects of rs5743867CC genotype than in CT and TT genotype subjects (P = 0.016 and P = 0.003 for TNF-α; P = 0.01 and P = 0.002 for IL-6, respectively). 	 RESULTS
Our findings indicated that the variants in TOLLIP were significantly associated with sepsis susceptibility in the Chinese Han population. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Lifestyle factors including cigarette smoking, alcohol consumption and nutritional habits impact on health, wellness, and the risk of chronic diseases. 	 BACKGROUND
In the areas of in-vitro fertilization (IVF) and pregnancy, lifestyle factors influence oocyte production, fertilization rates, pregnancy and pregnancy loss, while chronic, low-grade oxidative stress may underlie poor outcomes for some IVF cases. 	 BACKGROUND
Here, we review the current literature and present some original, previously unpublished data, obtained from couples attending the PIVET Medical Centre in Western Australia. 	 METHODS
During the study, 80 % of females and 70 % of male partners completed a 1-week diary documenting their smoking, alcohol and fruit and vegetable intake. 	 RESULTS
The subsequent clinical outcomes of their IVF treatment such as quantity of oocytes collected, fertilization rates, pregnancy and pregnancy loss were submitted to multiple regression analysis, in order to investigate the relationship between patients, treatment and the recorded lifestyle factors. 	 RESULTS
Of significance, it was found that male smoking caused an increased risk of pregnancy loss (p = 0.029), while female smoking caused an adverse effect on ovarian reserve. 	 RESULTS
Both alcohol consumption (β = 0.074, p < 0.001) and fruit and vegetable consumption (β = 0.034, p < 0.001) had positive effects on fertilization. 	 RESULTS
Based on our results and the current literature, there is an important impact of lifestyle factors on IVF clinical outcomes. 	 CONCLUSION
Currently, there are conflicting results regarding other lifestyle factors such as nutritional habits and alcohol consumption, but it is apparent that chronic oxidative stress induced by lifestyle factors and poor nutritional habits associate with a lower rate of IVF success. 	 CONCLUSION
Pulmonary hypertension (PH) is associated with restricted physical capacity, limited quality of life, and a poor prognosis because of right heart failure. 	 BACKGROUND
The present study is the first prospective randomized study to evaluate the effects of exercise and respiratory training in patients with severe symptomatic PH. 	 BACKGROUND
Thirty patients with PH (21 women; mean age, 50+/-13 years; mean pulmonary artery pressure, 50+/-15 mm Hg; mean World Health Organization [WHO] class, 2.9+/-0.5; pulmonary arterial hypertension, n=23; chronic thromboembolic PH, n=7) on stable disease-targeted medication were randomly assigned to a control (n=15) and a primary training (n=15) group. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Medication remained unchanged during the study period. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Primary end points were the changes from baseline to week 15 in the distance walked in 6 minutes and in scores of the Short Form Health Survey quality-of-life questionnaire. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Changes in WHO functional class, Borg scale, and parameters of echocardiography and gas exchange also were assessed. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
At week 15, patients in the primary and secondary training groups had an improved 6-minute walking distance; the mean difference between the control and the primary training group was 111 m (95% confidence interval, 65 to 139 m; P<0.001). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Exercise training was well tolerated and improved scores of quality of life, WHO functional class, peak oxygen consumption, oxygen consumption at the anaerobic threshold, and achieved workload. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Systolic pulmonary artery pressure values at rest did not change significantly after 15 weeks of exercise and respiratory training (from 61+/-18 to 54+/-18 mm Hg) within the training group. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
This study indicates that respiratory and physical training could be a promising adjunct to medical treatment in severe PH. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The effects add to the beneficial results of modern medical treatment. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Fibrosis is mediated partly by extracellular matrix-depositing fibroblasts in the heart. 	 RATIONALE
Although these mesenchymal cells are reported to have multiple embryonic origins, the functional consequence of this heterogeneity is unknown. 	 RATIONALE
We sought to validate a panel of surface markers to prospectively identify cardiac fibroblasts. 	 OBJECTIVE
We elucidated the developmental origins of cardiac fibroblasts and characterized their corresponding phenotypes. 	 OBJECTIVE
We also determined proliferation rates of each developmental subset of fibroblasts after pressure overload injury. 	 OBJECTIVE
We showed that Thy1(+)CD45(-)CD31(-)CD11b(-)Ter119(-) cells constitute the majority of cardiac fibroblasts. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
We characterized these cells using flow cytometry, epifluorescence and confocal microscopy, and transcriptional profiling (using reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction and RNA-seq). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
We used lineage tracing, transplantation studies, and parabiosis to show that most adult cardiac fibroblasts derive from the epicardium, a minority arises from endothelial cells, and a small fraction from Pax3-expressing cells. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
We did not detect generation of cardiac fibroblasts by bone marrow or circulating cells. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Interestingly, proliferation rates of fibroblast subsets on injury were identical, and the relative abundance of each lineage remained the same after injury. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The anatomic distribution of fibroblast lineages also remained unchanged after pressure overload. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Furthermore, RNA-seq analysis demonstrated that Tie2-derived and Tbx18-derived fibroblasts within each operation group exhibit similar gene expression profiles. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The cellular expansion of cardiac fibroblasts after transaortic constriction surgery was not restricted to any single developmental subset. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The parallel proliferation and activation of a heterogeneous population of fibroblasts on pressure overload could suggest that common signaling mechanisms stimulate their pathological response. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Recent studies suggest that betaKlotho (KLB) and endocrine FGF19 and FGF21 redirect FGFR signaling to regulation of metabolic homeostasis and suppression of obesity and diabetes. 	 BACKGROUND
However, the identity of the predominant metabolic tissue in which a major FGFR-KLB resides that critically mediates the differential actions and metabolism effects of FGF19 and FGF21 remain unclear. 	 BACKGROUND
METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS We determined the receptor and tissue specificity of FGF21 in comparison to FGF19 by using direct, sensitive and quantitative binding kinetics, and downstream signal transduction and expression of early response gene upon administration of FGF19 and FGF21 in mice. 	 BACKGROUND
We found that FGF21 binds FGFR1 with much higher affinity than FGFR4 in presence of KLB; while FGF19 binds both FGFR1 and FGFR4 in presence of KLB with comparable affinity. 	 BACKGROUND
The interaction of FGF21 with FGFR4-KLB is very weak even at high concentration and could be negligible at physiological concentration. 	 BACKGROUND
Both FGF19 and FGF21 but not FGF1 exhibit binding affinity to KLB. 	 BACKGROUND
The binding of FGF1 is dependent on where FGFRs are present. 	 BACKGROUND
Both FGF19 and FGF21 are unable to displace the FGF1 binding, and conversely FGF1 cannot displace FGF19 and FGF21 binding. 	 BACKGROUND
These results indicate that KLB is an indispensable mediator for the binding of FGF19 and FGF21 to FGFRs that is not required for FGF1. 	 BACKGROUND
Although FGF19 can predominantly activate the responses of the liver and to a less extent the adipose tissue, FGF21 can do so significantly only in the adipose tissue and adipocytes. 	 BACKGROUND
Among several metabolic and endocrine tissues, the response of adipose tissue to FGF21 is predominant, and can be blunted by the ablation of KLB or FGFR1. 	 BACKGROUND
Our results indicate that unlike FGF19, FGF21 is unable to bind FGFR4-KLB complex with affinity comparable to FGFR1-KLB, and therefore, at physiological concentration less likely to directly and significantly target the liver where FGFR4-KLB predominantly resides. 	 CONCLUSIONS
However, both FGF21 and FGF19 have the potential to activate responses of primarily the adipose tissue where FGFR1-KLB resides. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Platelet deposition and aggregation are central to the pathogenesis of ischemic complications of acute coronary syndromes (ACS). 	 BACKGROUND
Pharmacodynamic effects of the platelet glycoprotein IIb/IIIa antagonist eptifibatide have been delineated in healthy subjects but not in patients with ACS. 	 BACKGROUND
We assessed effects of eptifibatide on ex vivo platelet aggregation in patients enrolled in the Platelet glycoprotein IIb/IIIa in Unstable angina: Receptor Suppression Using Integrilin (eptifibatide) Therapy (PURSUIT) trial of ACS. 	 BACKGROUND
Patients were randomly assigned to an intravenous bolus (180 microgram/kg) and 72-hour infusion of eptifibatide (2.0 microgram/kg per minute, n=48) or placebo (n=50). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
We assessed correlations of plasma eptifibatide levels with receptor occupancy and inhibition of ex vivo platelet aggregation at 5 minutes and 1, 4, 24, 48, and 72 hours during treatment and 4 and 8 hours after termination of infusion. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Blood was collected in buffered citrate and D-phenylalanyl-L-prolyl-L-arginine chloromethylketone anticoagulants. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Although eptifibatide produced profound, prolonged inhibition of platelet aggregation during therapy, aggregation appeared to recover partially by 4 hours after the bolus. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The aggregation response was greater with thrombin receptor agonist peptide versus ADP stimulation; inhibition of platelet aggregation was greater in blood samples anticoagulated with citrate versus D-phenylalanyl-L-prolyl-L-arginine chloromethylketone (PPACK). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Plasma eptifibatide levels correlated significantly with receptor occupancy but not with inhibition of platelet aggregation. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
A bolus and infusion of eptifibatide inhibits platelet aggregation profoundly in patients with ACS and is followed by brief, partial recovery. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These results enhance our understanding of the relation between pharmacodynamic and clinical effects of eptifibatide in such patients and may have important implications for its use in percutaneous interventions. 	 CONCLUSIONS
OF REVIEW To encapsulate our current understanding of the proinflammatory cytokines responsible for the inflammation underlying Crohn's disease and the prospect of using this information to devise therapy for this condition based on inhibition of these cytokines. 	 PURPOSE
Current research is shedding new light on the role of both T helper cell (Th)1 and Th17 responses in the pathogenesis of Crohn's disease. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
Initial studies conducted a decade ago highlighted the view that Crohn's disease inflammation is caused by an interleukin-12-driven Th1 response, which resulted in the generation of interferon-gamma, which then served as the main inflammatory mediator. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
In recent years, however, this view has been largely eclipsed by studies, conducted mainly in murine models, showing that a Th17 response is the main cause of Crohn's disease inflammation through the production of interleukin-17. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
Now, a somewhat more balanced view is emerging, which holds that interferon-gamma is still a major proinflammatory cytokine in Crohn's disease, although it may arise from both the Th1 and Th17-mediated responses at different phases of the inflammatory process. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
The new findings continue to support the idea that anti-interleukin-12p40, an antibody that inhibits both the Th1 and Th17 response, is logically the most potent anticytokine for the treatment of Crohn's disease. 	 SUMMARY
A sexual dimorphism exists in the incidence and prevalence of coronary artery disease--men are more commonly affected than are age-matched women. 	 BACKGROUND
We explored the role of the Y chromosome in coronary artery disease in the context of this sexual inequity. 	 BACKGROUND
We genotyped 11 markers of the male-specific region of the Y chromosome in 3233 biologically unrelated British men from three cohorts: the British Heart Foundation Family Heart Study (BHF-FHS), West of Scotland Coronary Prevention Study (WOSCOPS), and Cardiogenics Study. 	 METHODS
On the basis of this information, each Y chromosome was tracked back into one of 13 ancient lineages defined as haplogroups. 	 METHODS
We then examined associations between common Y chromosome haplogroups and the risk of coronary artery disease in cross-sectional BHF-FHS and prospective WOSCOPS. 	 METHODS
Finally, we undertook functional analysis of Y chromosome effects on monocyte and macrophage transcriptome in British men from the Cardiogenics Study. 	 METHODS
Of nine haplogroups identified, two (R1b1b2 and I) accounted for roughly 90% of the Y chromosome variants among British men. 	 FINDINGS
Carriers of haplogroup I had about a 50% higher age-adjusted risk of coronary artery disease than did men with other Y chromosome lineages in BHF-FHS (odds ratio 1·75, 95% CI 1·20-2·54, p=0·004), WOSCOPS (1·45, 1·08-1·95, p=0·012), and joint analysis of both populations (1·56, 1·24-1·97, p=0·0002). 	 FINDINGS
The association between haplogroup I and increased risk of coronary artery disease was independent of traditional cardiovascular and socioeconomic risk factors. 	 FINDINGS
Analysis of macrophage transcriptome in the Cardiogenics Study revealed that 19 molecular pathways showing strong differential expression between men with haplogroup I and other lineages of the Y chromosome were interconnected by common genes related to inflammation and immunity, and that some of them have a strong relevance to atherosclerosis. 	 FINDINGS
The human Y chromosome is associated with risk of coronary artery disease in men of European ancestry, possibly through interactions of immunity and inflammation. 	 INTERPRETATION
British Heart Foundation; UK National Institute for Health Research; LEW Carty Charitable Fund; National Health and Medical Research Council of Australia; European Union 6th Framework Programme; Wellcome Trust. 	 FUNDING
To study the prevalence of asthma (asthma symptoms and bronchial hyperresponsiveness) in Swedish cross country skiers compared with non-skiers and monitor changes in symptoms and bronchial hyperresponsiveness during the year. 	 OBJECTIVES
Cross sectional study during the winter ski season and in the summer. 	 DESIGN
Six ski clubs for élite skiers (total 47) in two different areas of Sweden. 	 SETTING
42 élite cross country skiers and 29 non-skiing referents. 	 SUBJECTS
Bronchial responsiveness, asthma symptoms, and lung function. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Bronchial responsiveness was significantly greater and asthma symptoms more prevalent in the skiers than in the referents. 	 RESULTS
There was no difference in bronchial responsiveness within either group between winter and summer. 	 RESULTS
15 of the 42 skiers used antiasthmatic drugs regularly and 23 had a combination of asthma symptoms and hyperresponsive airways or physician diagnosed asthma, or both. 	 RESULTS
Altogether 33 skiers had symptoms of asthma or bronchial hyperresponsiveness. 	 RESULTS
One of the referents had symptoms of asthma and bronchial hyperresponsiveness, and none used antiasthmatic drugs regularly. 	 RESULTS
Asthma, asthma-like symptoms, and bronchial hyperresponsiveness are much more common in cross country skiers than in the general population and non-skiers. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Strenuous exercise at low temperatures entailing breathing large volumes of cold air is the most probable explanation of persistent asthma in skiers. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Calcium absorption is generally considered to be impaired under conditions of vitamin D deficiency, but the vitamin D status that fully normalizes absorption is not known for humans. 	 BACKGROUND
To quantify calcium absorption at two levels of vitamin D repletion, using pharmacokinetic methods and commercially marketed calcium supplements. 	 OBJECTIVE
Two experiments performed in the spring of the year, one year apart. 	 DESIGN
In the first, in which participants were pretreated with 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25OHD), mean serum 25OHD concentration was 86.5 nmol/L; and in the other, with no pretreatment, mean serum concentration was 50.2 nmol/L. Participants received 500 mg oral calcium loads as a part of a standard low calcium breakfast. 	 DESIGN
A low calcium lunch was provided at mid-day. 	 DESIGN
Blood was obtained fasting and at frequent intervals for 10 to 12 hours thereafter. 	 DESIGN
Relative calcium absorption at the two 25OHD concentrations was estimated from the area under the curve (AUC) for the load-induced increment in serum total calcium. 	 METHODS
AUC(9) (+/- 	 RESULTS
SEM), was 3.63 mg hr/dL +/- 	 RESULTS
0.234 in participants pretreated with 25OHD and 2.20 +/- 	 RESULTS
0.240 in those not pretreated (P < 0.001). 	 RESULTS
In brief, absorption was 65% higher at serum 25OHD levels averaging 86.5 nmol/L than at levels averaging 50 nmol/L (both values within the nominal reference range for this analyte). 	 RESULTS
Despite the fact that the mean serum 25OHD level in the experiment without supplementation was within the current reference ranges, calcium absorptive performance at 50 nmol/L was significantly reduced relative to that at a mean 25OHD level of 86 nmol/L. Thus, individuals with serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels at the low end of the current reference ranges may not be getting the full benefit from their calcium intake. 	 CONCLUSIONS
We conclude that the lower end of the current reference range is set too low. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Alcohol has been reported to be a common and modifiable risk factor for hypertension. 	 BACKGROUND
However, observational studies are subject to confounding by other behavioural and sociodemographic factors, while clinical trials are difficult to implement and have limited follow-up time. 	 BACKGROUND
Mendelian randomization can provide robust evidence on the nature of this association by use of a common polymorphism in aldehyde dehydrogenase 2 (ALDH2) as a surrogate for measuring alcohol consumption. 	 BACKGROUND
ALDH2 encodes a major enzyme involved in alcohol metabolism. 	 BACKGROUND
Individuals homozygous for the null variant (*2*2) experience adverse symptoms when drinking alcohol and consequently drink considerably less alcohol than wild-type homozygotes (*1*1) or heterozygotes. 	 BACKGROUND
We hypothesise that this polymorphism may influence the risk of hypertension by affecting alcohol drinking behaviour. 	 BACKGROUND
We carried out fixed effect meta-analyses of the ALDH2 genotype with blood pressure (five studies, n = 7,658) and hypertension (three studies, n = 4,219) using studies identified via systematic review. 	 METHODS
In males, we obtained an overall odds ratio of 2.42 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.66-3.55, p = 4.8 x 10(-6)) for hypertension comparing *1*1 with *2*2 homozygotes and an odds ratio of 1.72 (95% CI 1.17-2.52, p = 0.006) comparing heterozygotes (surrogate for moderate drinkers) with *2*2 homozygotes. 	 RESULTS
Systolic blood pressure was 7.44 mmHg (95% CI 5.39-9.49, p = 1.1 x 10(-12)) greater among *1*1 than among *2*2 homozygotes, and 4.24 mmHg (95% CI 2.18-6.31, p = 0.00005) greater among heterozygotes than among *2*2 homozygotes. 	 RESULTS
These findings support the hypothesis that alcohol intake has a marked effect on blood pressure and the risk of hypertension. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Generalized resistance of some neoplastic cell lines to treatment with ligand-toxin chimeras has been attributed to an increased rate of lysosomal uptake and degradation following endocytosis of the chimera-receptor complex. 	 BACKGROUND
Because phosphoinositide 3-kinase (Pl 3-kinase) activity is known to play a role in intracellular trafficking, particularly from endosomes to lysosomes, we hypothesized that co-exposing cells to the Pl 3-kinase inhibitor, wortmannin, might enhance cytotoxicity of ligand-toxin chimeras. 	 BACKGROUND
In vitro, cytotoxicity of five receptor directed-toxin chimeras (bFGF-SAP, bFGF-PE, aFGF-PE, HBEGF-SAP, bFGF-gelonin) and an immunotoxin (11A8-SAP) was examined in the presence or absence of this Pl 3-kinase inhibitor against a panel of human neoplastic cell lines: SK-MEL-5 (melanoma), PA-1 (ovarian teratocarcinoma), DU145 (prostatic carcinoma) and MCF-7 (breast carcinoma). 	 METHODS
In vivo, antitumor activity of a treatment regimen combining wortmannin (1 or 2 mg/kg i.p.) and bFGF-SAP (10 micrograms/kg i.v.) once a week for 4 weeks was evaluated compared to administration of each agent alone in C3H/HeN mice implanted with the FSallC murine fibrosarcoma. 	 METHODS
At concentrations greater than the reported Ki for Pl 3-kinase inhibition (1-10 microM), wortmannin enhanced cytotoxicity when combined with saporin or gelonin chimeras, but produced subadditive cytotoxicity when combined with Pseudomonas exotoxin chimeras. 	 RESULTS
When low nanomolar concentrations selective for Pl 3-kinase inhibition (5-100 nM) were examined for effects on one receptor directed-toxin chimera, wortmannin dramatically enhanced bFGF-SAP cytotoxicity in three of the four cell lines. 	 RESULTS
A different Pl 3-kinase inhibitor, LY294002 (Ki approximately 1 microM), however, failed to potentiate bFGF-SAP. 	 RESULTS
When administered to mice, wortmannin combined with bFGF-SAP resulted in a significant decrease in tumor volumes compared to vehicle-treated controls that was not observed in mice treated with either agent alone. 	 RESULTS
Taken together, these results suggest that although wortmannin increases the cytotoxic efficacy of some receptor-directed chimeras, potentiation may occur through an alternative pathway not involving Pl 3-kinase inhibition. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Peripheral artery disease (PAD) is a vascular disease affecting peripheral circulation. 	 AIM
Recently, genome-wide association studies revealed a relationship between single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in ADAMTS7 (a disintegrin and metalloprotease with thrombospondin motif 7) and atherosclerosis. 	 AIM
In this study, we aimed to determine ADAMTS7 expression in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) and the frequency of ADAMTS7 rs1994016 and rs3825807 polymorphisms in a sample of Turkish patients with PAD, and to evaluate the association of matrix metalloproteinase (MMP) levels with PAD development. 	 AIM
In this case-control study, ADAMTS7mRNA and protein expression was determined using reverse transcription quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) and western blot, respectively, and rs1994016 and rs3825807 variants in ADAMTS7 were determined by real-time PCR in 115 PAD patients and 116 healthy controls. 	 METHODS
Plasma levels of nine MMPs were determined using a multiplex immunoassay system. 	 METHODS
ADAMTS7mRNA levels were significantly higher in PAD patients than in controls (t=-2.75, P=.007). 	 RESULTS
There was no significant difference in the frequencies of rs1994016 and rs3825807 between PAD patients and controls (P>.05). 	 RESULTS
In PAD patients, ADAMTS7mRNA levels were significantly increased for the CC genotype of rs1994016 (t=-2.31, P=.026) and TT genotype of rs3825807 (t=-2.23, P=.032). 	 RESULTS
Furthermore, plasma levels of MMP-1, MMP-3, MMP-7, MMP-10, MMP-12, and MMP-13 were significantly higher in PAD patients than in controls (P<.05). 	 RESULTS
This is the first report of the relationship between PAD and ADAMTS7 expression and the effects of the rs1994016 and rs3825807 variants on PAD development. 	 CONCLUSION
ADAMTS7 may be associated with PAD development. 	 CONCLUSION
To develop a reliable method for whole genome analysis of DNA methylation. 	 AIM
& METHODS Genome-scale analysis of DNA methylation includes affinity-based approaches such as enrichment using methyl-CpG-binding proteins. 	 MATERIALS
One of these methods, the methylated-CpG island recovery assay (MIRA), is based on the high affinity of the MBD2b-MBD3L1 complex for CpG-methylated DNA. 	 MATERIALS
Here we provide a detailed description of MIRA and combine it with next generation sequencing platforms (MIRA-seq). 	 MATERIALS
We assessed the performance of MIRA-seq and compared the data with whole genome bisulfite sequencing. 	 RESULTS
MIRA-seq is a reliable, genome-scale DNA methylation analysis platform for scoring DNA methylation differences at CpG-rich genomic regions. 	 CONCLUSION
The method is not limited by primer or probe design and is cost effective. 	 CONCLUSION
Laparoscopic adhesiolysis for chronic abdominal pain is controversial and is not evidence based. 	 BACKGROUND
We aimed to test our hypothesis that laparoscopic adhesiolysis leads to substantial pain relief and improvement in quality of life in patients with adhesions and chronic abdominal pain. 	 BACKGROUND
Patients had diagnostic laparoscopy for chronic abdominal pain attributed to adhesions; other causes for their pain had been excluded. 	 METHODS
If adhesions were confirmed during diagnostic laparoscopy, patients were randomly assigned either to laparoscopic adhesiolysis or no treatment. 	 METHODS
Treatment allocation was concealed from patients, and assessors were unaware of patients' treatment and outcome. 	 METHODS
Pain was assessed for 1 year by visual analogue score (VAS) score (scale 0-100), pain change score, use of analgesics, and quality of life score. 	 METHODS
Analysis was by intention to treat. 	 METHODS
Of 116 patients enrolled for diagnostic laparoscopy, 100 were randomly allocated either laparoscopic adhesiolysis (52) or no treatment (48). 	 FINDINGS
Both groups reported substantial pain relief and a significantly improved quality of life, but there was no difference between the groups (mean change from baseline of VAS score at 12 months: difference 3 points, p=0.53; 95% CI -7 to 13). 	 FINDINGS
Although laparoscopic adhesiolysis relieves chronic abdominal pain, it is not more beneficial than diagnostic laparoscopy alone. 	 INTERPRETATION
Therefore, laparoscopic adhesiolysis cannot be recommended as a treatment for adhesions in patients with chronic abdominal pain. 	 INTERPRETATION
Diffusion tensor imaging measures of white matter (WM) microstructural integrity appear to provide earlier indication of WM injury than WM hyperintensities; however, risk factors for poor WM microstructural integrity have not been established. 	 BACKGROUND
Our study quantifies the association between vascular risk factors in midlife and late life with measures of late-life WM microstructural integrity. 	 BACKGROUND
We used data from 1851 participants in ARIC (Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study) who completed 3-T magnetic resonance imaging, including diffusion tensor imaging, as part of the ARIC Neurocognitive Study (ARIC-NCS). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
We quantified the association among lipids, glucose, and blood pressure from the baseline ARIC visit (1987-1989, ages 44-65, midlife) and visit 5 of ARIC (2011-2013, ages 67-90, late life, concurrent with ARIC-NCS) with regional and overall WM mean diffusivity and fractional anisotropy obtained at ARIC visit 5 for ARIC participants. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
We also considered whether these associations were independent of or modified by WM hyperintensity volumes. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
We found that elevated blood pressure in midlife and late life and elevated glucose in midlife, but not late life, were associated with worse late-life WM microstructural integrity. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
These associations were independent of the degree of WM hyperintensity, and the association between glucose and WM microstructural integrity appeared stronger for those with the least WM hyperintensity. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
There was little support for an adverse association between lipids and WM microstructural integrity. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Hypertension in both midlife and late life and elevated glucose in midlife are related to worse WM microstructural integrity in late life. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Three quarter of endometrial carcinomas are treated at early stage. 	 BACKGROUND
Still, 15 to 20% of these patients experience recurrence, with little effect from systemic therapies. 	 BACKGROUND
Homo sapiens v-Ki-ras2 Kirsten rat sarcoma viral oncogenes homologue (KRAS) mutations have been reported to have an important role in tumorigenesis for human cancers, but there is limited knowledge regarding clinical relevance of KRAS status in endometrial carcinomas. 	 BACKGROUND
We have performed a comprehensive and integrated characterisation of genome-wide expression related to KRAS mutations and copy-number alterations in primary- and metastatic endometrial carcinoma lesions in relation to clinical and histopathological data. 	 METHODS
A primary investigation set and clinical validation set was applied, consisting of 414 primary tumours and 61 metastatic lesions totally. 	 METHODS
Amplification and gain of KRAS present in 3% of the primary lesions and 18% of metastatic lesions correlated significantly with poor outcome, high International Federation of Gynaecology and Obstetrics stage, non-endometrioid subtype, high grade, aneuploidy, receptor loss and high KRAS mRNA levels, also found to be associated with aggressive phenotype. 	 RESULTS
In contrast, KRAS mutations were present in 14.7% of primary lesions with no increase in metastatic lesions, and did not influence outcome, but was significantly associated with endometrioid subtype, low grade and obesity. 	 RESULTS
These results support that KRAS amplification and KRAS mRNA expression, both increasing from primary to metastatic lesions, are relevant for endometrial carcinoma disease progression. 	 CONCLUSION
Mutations in the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes confer greater risk of developing breast cancer. 	 PURPOSE
We determined whether tumor pathologic features and clinical features differ in patients with and without BRCA mutations. 	 PURPOSE
Tumor pathologic features and clinical characteristics were examined in 491 women with breast cancer who underwent genetic testing for BRCA mutations between 1997 and 2006. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
A retrospective review of medical records was conducted to determine clinical characteristics including ethnicity, age and clinical stage at diagnosis, age at parity, number of full-term pregnancies, use of oral contraceptives and hormone replacement therapy, and BRCA mutation status. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Tumor pathology was reviewed to determine histologic type, tumor grade, and estrogen receptor, progesterone receptor, and HER-2/neu status. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Of the 491 patients with identified breast cancers, 391 patients were BRCA negative, and 86 patients were BRCA positive. 	 RESULTS
Triple-negative breast cancer (ie, those with negative estrogen receptor, progesterone receptor, and HER-2/neu status) was diagnosed in 57.1% of the BRCA1-positive patients, 23.3% of the BRCA2-positive patients, and 13.8% of the BRCA-negative patients. 	 RESULTS
BRCA1 mutation carriers had higher nuclear grade tumors than the other two groups (P < .001). 	 RESULTS
Of the triple-negative cancer patients, BRCA2 mutation carriers were older when diagnosed than BRCA1 mutation carriers and noncarriers (P < .01). 	 RESULTS
These results suggest that tumors associated with BRCA1 mutations may be divided into two distinct groups, triple-negative and non-triple-negative groups. 	 CONCLUSION
Future studies should seek to determine whether patients with BRCA1 mutations and triple-negative breast cancer respond to treatment better than BRCA-negative patients with similar tumor pathology. 	 CONCLUSION
Central nervous system (CNS) disease as the site of first relapse after exposure to adjuvant trastuzumab has been reported. 	 BACKGROUND
We carried out comprehensive meta-analysis to determine the risk of CNS metastases as the first site of recurrence in patients with HER2-positive breast cancer who received adjuvant trastuzumab. 	 BACKGROUND
Eligible studies include randomized trials of adjuvant trastuzumab administered for 1 year to patients with HER2-positive breast cancer who reported CNS metastases as first site of disease recurrence. 	 METHODS
Statistical analyses were conducted to calculate the incidence, relative risk (RR), and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) using fixed-effects inverse variance and random-effects models. 	 METHODS
A total of 9020 patients were included. 	 RESULTS
The incidence of CNS metastases as first site of disease recurrence in HER2-positive patients receiving adjuvant trastuzumab was 2.56% (95% CI 2.07% to 3.01%) compared with 1.94% (95% CI 1.54% to 2.38%) in HER2-positive patients who did not receive adjuvant trastuzumab. 	 RESULTS
The RR of the CNS as first site of relapse in trastuzumab-treated patients was 1.35 (95% CI 1.02-1.78, P = 0.038) compared with control arms without trastuzumab therapy. 	 RESULTS
The ratio of CNS metastases to total number of recurrence events was 16.94% (95% CI 10.85% to 24.07%) and 8.33% (95% CI 6.49% to 10.86%) for the trastuzumab-treated and control groups, respectively. 	 RESULTS
No statistically significant differences were found based on trastuzumab schedule or median follow-up time. 	 RESULTS
No evidence of publication bias was observed. 	 RESULTS
Adjuvant trastuzumab is associated with a significant increased risk of CNS metastases as the site of first recurrence in HER2-positive breast cancer patients. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Studies suggest pioglitazone use may increase risk of cancers. 	 IMPORTANCE
To examine whether pioglitazone use for diabetes is associated with risk of bladder and 10 additional cancers. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Cohort and nested case-control analyses among persons with diabetes. 	 OBJECTIVE
A bladder cancer cohort followed 193,099 persons aged 40 years or older in 1997-2002 until December 2012; 464 case patients and 464 matched controls were surveyed about additional confounders. 	 OBJECTIVE
A cohort analysis of 10 additional cancers included 236,507 persons aged 40 years or older in 1997-2005 and followed until June 2012. 	 OBJECTIVE
Cohorts were from Kaiser Permanente Northern California. 	 OBJECTIVE
Ever use, duration, cumulative dose, and time since initiation of pioglitazone as time dependent. 	 EXPOSURES
Incident cancer, including bladder, prostate, female breast, lung/bronchus, endometrial, colon, non-Hodgkin lymphoma, pancreas, kidney/renal pelvis, rectum, and melanoma. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
Among 193,099 persons in the bladder cancer cohort, 34,181 (18%) received pioglitazone (median duration, 2.8 years; range, 0.2-13.2 years) and 1261 had incident bladder cancer. 	 RESULTS
Crude incidences of bladder cancer in pioglitazone users and nonusers were 89.8 and 75.9 per 100,000 person-years, respectively. 	 RESULTS
Ever use of pioglitazone was not associated with bladder cancer risk (adjusted hazard ratio [HR], 1.06; 95% CI, 0.89-1.26). 	 RESULTS
Results were similar in case-control analyses (pioglitazone use: 19.6% among case patients and 17.5% among controls; adjusted odds ratio, 1.18; 95% CI, 0.78-1.80). 	 RESULTS
In adjusted analyses, there was no association with 8 of the 10 additional cancers; ever use of pioglitazone was associated with increased risk of prostate cancer (HR, 1.13; 95% CI, 1.02-1.26) and pancreatic cancer (HR, 1.41; 95% CI, 1.16-1.71). 	 RESULTS
Crude incidences of prostate and pancreatic cancer in pioglitazone users vs nonusers were 453.3 vs 449.3 and 81.1 vs 48.4 per 100,000 person-years, respectively. 	 RESULTS
No clear patterns of risk for any cancer were observed for time since initiation, duration, or dose. 	 RESULTS
Pioglitazone use was not associated with a statistically significant increased risk of bladder cancer, although an increased risk, as previously observed, could not be excluded. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
The increased prostate and pancreatic cancer risks associated with ever use of pioglitazone merit further investigation to assess whether they are causal or are due to chance, residual confounding, or reverse causality. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
Following widespread rollout of chlamydia testing to non-specialist and community settings in the UK, many individuals receive a chlamydia test without being offered comprehensive STI and HIV testing. 	 BACKGROUND
We assess sexual behaviour among testers in different settings with a view to understanding their need for other STI diagnostic services. 	 BACKGROUND
A probability sample survey of the British population undertaken 2010-2012 (the third National Survey of Sexual Attitudes and Lifestyles). 	 METHODS
We analysed weighted data on chlamydia testing (past year), including location of most recent test, and diagnoses (past 5 years) from individuals aged 16-44 years reporting at least one sexual partner in the past year (4992 women, 3406 men). 	 METHODS
Of the 26.8% (95% CI 25.4% to 28.2%) of women and 16.7% (15.5% to 18.1%) of men reporting a chlamydia test in the past year, 28.4% of women and 41.2% of men had tested in genitourinary medicine (GUM), 41.1% and 20.7% of women and men respectively tested in general practice (GP) and the remainder tested in other non-GUM settings. 	 RESULTS
Women tested outside GUM were more likely to be older, in a relationship and to live in rural areas. 	 RESULTS
Individuals tested outside GUM reported fewer risk behaviours; nevertheless, 11.0% (8.6% to 14.1%) of women and 6.8% (3.9% to 11.6%) of men tested in GP and 13.2% (10.2% to 16.8%) and 9.6% (6.5% to 13.8%) of women and men tested in other non-GUM settings reported 'unsafe sex', defined as two or more partners and no condom use with any partner in the past year. 	 RESULTS
Individuals treated for chlamydia outside GUM in the past 5 years were less likely to report an HIV test in that time frame (women: 54.5% (42.7% to 65.7%) vs 74.1% (65.9% to 80.9%) in GUM; men: 23.9% (12.7% to 40.5%) vs 65.8% (56.2% to 74.3%)). 	 RESULTS
Most chlamydia testing occurred in non-GUM settings, among populations reporting fewer risk behaviours. 	 CONCLUSIONS
However, there is a need to provide pathways to comprehensive STI care to the sizeable minority at higher risk. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The programmed death 1 (PD-1) pathway limits immune responses to melanoma and can be blocked with the humanized anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody pembrolizumab. 	 IMPORTANCE
To characterize the association of pembrolizumab with tumor response and overall survival among patients with advanced melanoma. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTINGS, AND PARTICIPANTS Open-label, multicohort, phase 1b clinical trials (enrollment, December 2011-September 2013). 	 OBJECTIVE
Median duration of follow-up was 21 months. 	 OBJECTIVE
The study was performed in academic medical centers in Australia, Canada, France, and the United States. 	 OBJECTIVE
Eligible patients were aged 18 years and older and had advanced or metastatic melanoma. 	 OBJECTIVE
Data were pooled from 655 enrolled patients (135 from a nonrandomized cohort [n = 87 ipilimumab naive; n = 48 ipilimumab treated] and 520 from randomized cohorts [n = 226 ipilimumab naive; n = 294 ipilimumab treated]). 	 OBJECTIVE
Cutoff dates were April 18, 2014, for safety analyses and October 18, 2014, for efficacy analyses. 	 OBJECTIVE
Pembrolizumab 10 mg/kg every 2 weeks, 10 mg/kg every 3 weeks, or 2 mg/kg every 3 weeks continued until disease progression, intolerable toxicity, or investigator decision. 	 EXPOSURES
The primary end point was confirmed objective response rate (best overall response of complete response or partial response) in patients with measurable disease at baseline per independent central review. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
Secondary end points included toxicity, duration of response, progression-free survival, and overall survival. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
Among the 655 patients (median [range] age, 61 [18-94] years; 405 [62%] men), 581 had measurable disease at baseline. 	 RESULTS
An objective response was reported in 194 of 581 patients (33% [95% CI, 30%-37%]) and in 60 of 133 treatment-naive patients (45% [95% CI, 36% to 54%]). 	 RESULTS
Overall, 74% (152/205) of responses were ongoing at the time of data cutoff; 44% (90/205) of patients had response duration for at least 1 year and 79% (162/205) had response duration for at least 6 months. 	 RESULTS
Twelve-month progression-free survival rates were 35% (95% CI, 31%-39%) in the total population and 52% (95% CI, 43%-60%) among treatment-naive patients. 	 RESULTS
Median overall survival in the total population was 23 months (95% CI, 20-29) with a 12-month survival rate of 66% (95% CI, 62%-69%) and a 24-month survival rate of 49% (95% CI, 44%-53%). 	 RESULTS
In treatment-naive patients, median overall survival was 31 months (95% CI, 24 to not reached) with a 12-month survival rate of 73% (95% CI, 65%-79%) and a 24-month survival rate of 60% (95% CI, 51%-68%). 	 RESULTS
Ninety-two of 655 patients (14%) experienced at least 1 treatment-related grade 3 or 4 adverse event (AE) and 27 of 655 (4%) patients discontinued treatment because of a treatment-related AE. 	 RESULTS
Treatment-related serious AEs were reported in 59 patients (9%). 	 RESULTS
There were no drug-related deaths. 	 RESULTS
Among patients with advanced melanoma, pembrolizumab administration was associated with an overall objective response rate of 33%, 12-month progression-free survival rate of 35%, and median overall survival of 23 months; grade 3 or 4 treatment-related AEs occurred in 14%. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT01295827. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
Epidemiologic studies have found that overall obesity is positively related to endometrial cancer (EC) risk. 	 BACKGROUND
However, data assessing the association between body fat distribution and risk of EC are still limited. 	 BACKGROUND
We followed 51,948 women who first reported waist circumference (WC) and hip circumference in 1986 in the Nurses' Health Study. 	 METHODS
Waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) was calculated. 	 METHODS
During 24 years of follow-up, 449 incident invasive EC cases were diagnosed. 	 RESULTS
In a multivariate analysis without adjusting for body mass index (BMI), the relative risks (RRs) for EC comparing extreme categories were 2.44 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.72-3.45) for WC and 1.69 (95% CI=1.20-2.40) for WHR. 	 RESULTS
However, after adjustment of BMI, those positive associations were substantially attenuated and no longer significant; RR=1.08 (95% CI=0.69-1.67) for WC and 1.15 (95% CI=0.81-1.64) for WHR, respectively. 	 RESULTS
In our prospective cohort study, we found no independent association between body fat distribution and the risk of EC after adjustment for BMI. 	 CONCLUSION
In the assessment of severity in community acquired pneumonia (CAP), the modified British Thoracic Society (mBTS) rule identifies patients with severe pneumonia but not patients who might be suitable for home management. 	 BACKGROUND
A multicentre study was conducted to derive and validate a practical severity assessment model for stratifying adults hospitalised with CAP into different management groups. 	 BACKGROUND
Data from three prospective studies of CAP conducted in the UK, New Zealand, and the Netherlands were combined. 	 METHODS
A derivation cohort comprising 80% of the data was used to develop the model. 	 METHODS
Prognostic variables were identified using multiple logistic regression with 30 day mortality as the outcome measure. 	 METHODS
The final model was tested against the validation cohort. 	 METHODS
1068 patients were studied (mean age 64 years, 51.5% male, 30 day mortality 9%). 	 RESULTS
Age >/=65 years (OR 3.5, 95% CI 1.6 to 8.0) and albumin <30 g/dl (OR 4.7, 95% CI 2.5 to 8.7) were independently associated with mortality over and above the mBTS rule (OR 5.2, 95% CI 2.7 to 10). 	 RESULTS
A six point score, one point for each of Confusion, Urea >7 mmol/l, Respiratory rate >/=30/min, low systolic(<90 mm Hg) or diastolic (</=60 mm Hg) Blood pressure), age >/=65 years (CURB-65 score) based on information available at initial hospital assessment, enabled patients to be stratified according to increasing risk of mortality: score 0, 0.7%; score 1, 3.2%; score 2, 3%; score 3, 17%; score 4, 41.5% and score 5, 57%. 	 RESULTS
The validation cohort confirmed a similar pattern. 	 RESULTS
A simple six point score based on confusion, urea, respiratory rate, blood pressure, and age can be used to stratify patients with CAP into different management groups. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) has a high prevalence rate in Germany and a further increase is expected within the next years. 	 BACKGROUND
Although risk factors on an individual level are widely understood, only little is known about the spatial heterogeneity and population-based risk factors of COPD. 	 BACKGROUND
Background knowledge about broader, population-based processes could help to plan the future provision of healthcare and prevention strategies more aligned to the expected demand. 	 BACKGROUND
The aim of this study is to analyze how the prevalence of COPD varies across northeastern Germany on the smallest spatial-scale possible and to identify the location-specific population-based risk factors using health insurance claims of the AOK Nordost. 	 BACKGROUND
To visualize the spatial distribution of COPD prevalence at the level of municipalities and urban districts, we used the conditional autoregressive Besag-York-Mollié (BYM) model. 	 METHODS
Geographically weighted regression modelling (GWR) was applied to analyze the location-specific ecological risk factors for COPD. 	 METHODS
The sex- and age-adjusted prevalence of COPD was 6.5% in 2012 and varied widely across northeastern Germany. 	 RESULTS
Population-based risk factors consist of the proportions of insurants aged 65 and older, insurants with migration background, household size and area deprivation. 	 RESULTS
The results of the GWR model revealed that the population at risk for COPD varies considerably across northeastern Germany. 	 RESULTS
Area deprivation has a direct and an indirect influence on the prevalence of COPD. 	 CONCLUSION
Persons ageing in socially disadvantaged areas have a higher chance of developing COPD, even when they are not necessarily directly affected by deprivation on an individual level. 	 CONCLUSION
This underlines the importance of considering the impact of area deprivation on health for planning of healthcare. 	 CONCLUSION
Additionally, our results reveal that in some parts of the study area, insurants with migration background and persons living in multi-persons households are at elevated risk of COPD. 	 CONCLUSION
Colorectal cancer remains one of the most common malignant tumors worldwide. 	 BACKGROUND
Colorectal cancer initiating cells (CCICs) are a small subpopulation responsible for malignant behaviors of colorectal cancer. 	 BACKGROUND
Aberrant activation of the Wnt pathways regulates the self-renewal of CCIC. 	 BACKGROUND
However, the underlying mechanism(s) remain poorly understood. 	 BACKGROUND
Via retroviral library screening, we identified Nuclear Receptor-Interacting Protein 2 (NRIP2) as a novel interactor of the Wnt pathway from enriched colorectal cancer colosphere cells. 	 METHODS
The expression levels of NRIP2 and retinoic acid-related orphan receptor β (RORβ) were further examined by FISH, qRT-PCR, IHC and Western blot. 	 METHODS
NRIP2 overexpressed and knockdown colorectal cancer cells were produced to study the role of NRIP2 in Wnt pathway. 	 METHODS
We also verified the binding between NRIP2 and RORβ and investigated the effect of RORβ on CCICs both in vitro and in vivo. 	 METHODS
Genechip-scanning speculated downstream target HBP1. 	 METHODS
Western blot, ChIP and luciferase reporter were carried to investigate the interaction between NRIP2, RORβ, and HBP1. 	 METHODS
NRIP2 was significantly up-regulated in CCICs from both cell lines and primary colorectal cancer tissues. 	 RESULTS
Reinforced expression of NRIP2 increased Wnt activity, while silencing of NRIP2 attenuated Wnt activity. 	 RESULTS
The transcription factor RORβ was a key target through which NRIP2 regulated Wnt pathway activity. 	 RESULTS
RORβ was a transcriptional enhancer of inhibitor HBP1 of the Wnt pathway. 	 RESULTS
NRIP2 prevented RORβ to bind with downstream HBP1 promoter regions and reduced the transcription of HBP1. 	 RESULTS
This, in turn, attenuated the HBP1-dependent inhibition of TCF4-mediated transcription. 	 RESULTS
NRIP2 is a novel interactor of the Wnt pathway in colorectal cancer initiating cells. 	 CONCLUSIONS
interactions between NRIP2, RORβ, and HBP1 mediate a new mechanism for CCIC self-renewal via the Wnt activity. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To identify and describe misunderstandings between patients and doctors associated with prescribing decisions in general practice. 	 OBJECTIVES
Qualitative study. 	 DESIGN
20 general practices in the West Midlands and south east England. 	 SETTING
20 general practitioners and 35 consulting patients. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Misunderstandings between patients and doctors that have potential or actual adverse consequences for taking medicine. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
14 categories of misunderstanding were identified relating to patient information unknown to the doctor, doctor information unknown to the patient, conflicting information, disagreement about attribution of side effects, failure of communication about doctor's decision, and relationship factors. 	 RESULTS
All the misunderstandings were associated with lack of patients' participation in the consultation in terms of the voicing of expectations and preferences or the voicing of responses to doctors' decisions and actions. 	 RESULTS
They were all associated with potential or actual adverse outcomes such as non-adherence to treatment. 	 RESULTS
Many were based on inaccurate guesses and assumptions. 	 RESULTS
In particular doctors seemed unaware of the relevance of patients' ideas about medicines for successful prescribing. 	 RESULTS
Patients' participation in the consultation and the adverse consequences of lack of participation are important. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The authors are developing an educational intervention that builds on these findings. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Although Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR-4) is involved in monocyte activation in patients with accelerated forms of atherosclerosis, the relationship between the expression of TLR-4 on circulating monocytes and coronary plaque vulnerability has not previously been evaluated. 	 BACKGROUND
We investigated this relationship using 64-slice multidetector computed tomography (MDCT) in patients with stable angina pectoris (SAP).Methods and Results:We enrolled 65 patients with SAP who underwent MDCT. 	 BACKGROUND
Three monocyte subsets (CD14++CD16-, CD14++CD16+, and CD14+CD16+) and expression of TLR-4 were measured by flow cytometry. 	 BACKGROUND
Intracoronary plaques were assessed by 64-slice MDCT. 	 BACKGROUND
We defined vulnerability of intracoronary plaques according to the presence of positive remodeling (remodeling index >1.05) and/or low CT attenuation (<35 HU). 	 BACKGROUND
The circulating CD14++CD16+monocytes more frequently expressed TLR-4 than CD14++CD16-and CD14+CD16+monocytes (P<0.001). 	 BACKGROUND
The relative proportion of the expression of TLR-4 on CD14++CD16+monocytes was significantly greater in patients with vulnerable plaque compared with those without (10.4 [4.1-14.5] % vs. 4.5 [2.8-7.8] %, P=0.012). 	 BACKGROUND
In addition, the relative proportion of TLR-4 expression on CD14++CD16+monocytes positively correlated with the remodeling index (r=0.28, P=0.025) and negatively correlated with CT attenuation value (r=-0.31, P=0.013). 	 BACKGROUND
Upregulation of TLR-4 on CD14++CD16+monocytes might be associated with coronary plaque vulnerability in patients with SAP. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The enormous amount of short reads generated by the new DNA sequencing technologies call for the development of fast and accurate read alignment programs. 	 MOTIVATION
A first generation of hash table-based methods has been developed, including MAQ, which is accurate, feature rich and fast enough to align short reads from a single individual. 	 MOTIVATION
However, MAQ does not support gapped alignment for single-end reads, which makes it unsuitable for alignment of longer reads where indels may occur frequently. 	 MOTIVATION
The speed of MAQ is also a concern when the alignment is scaled up to the resequencing of hundreds of individuals. 	 MOTIVATION
We implemented Burrows-Wheeler Alignment tool (BWA), a new read alignment package that is based on backward search with Burrows-Wheeler Transform (BWT), to efficiently align short sequencing reads against a large reference sequence such as the human genome, allowing mismatches and gaps. 	 RESULTS
supports both base space reads, e.g. from Illumina sequencing machines, and color space reads from AB SOLiD machines. 	 BWA
Evaluations on both simulated and real data suggest that BWA is approximately 10-20x faster than MAQ, while achieving similar accuracy. 	 BWA
In addition, BWA outputs alignment in the new standard SAM (Sequence Alignment/Map) format. 	 BWA
Variant calling and other downstream analyses after the alignment can be achieved with the open source SAMtools software package. 	 BWA
http://maq.sourceforge.net. 	 AVAILABILITY
To estimate the lost investment of domestically educated doctors migrating from sub-Saharan African countries to Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom, and the United States. 	 OBJECTIVE
Human capital cost analysis using publicly accessible data. 	 DESIGN
Sub-Saharan African countries. 	 SETTINGS
Nine sub-Saharan African countries with an HIV prevalence of 5% or greater or with more than one million people with HIV/AIDS and with at least one medical school (Ethiopia, Kenya, Malawi, Nigeria, South Africa, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe), and data available on the number of doctors practising in destination countries. 	 PARTICIPANTS
The financial cost of educating a doctor (through primary, secondary, and medical school), assuming that migration occurred after graduation, using current country specific interest rates for savings converted to US dollars; cost according to the number of source country doctors currently working in the destination countries; and savings to destination countries of receiving trained doctors. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
In the nine source countries the estimated government subsidised cost of a doctor's education ranged from $21,000 (£13,000; €15,000) in Uganda to $58,700 in South Africa. 	 RESULTS
The overall estimated loss of returns from investment for all doctors currently working in the destination countries was $2.17bn (95% confidence interval 2.13bn to 2.21bn), with costs for each country ranging from $2.16m (1.55m to 2.78m) for Malawi to $1.41bn (1.38bn to 1.44bn) for South Africa. 	 RESULTS
The ratio of the estimated compounded lost investment over gross domestic product showed that Zimbabwe and South Africa had the largest losses. 	 RESULTS
The benefit to destination countries of recruiting trained doctors was largest for the United Kingdom ($2.7bn) and United States ($846m). 	 RESULTS
Among sub-Saharan African countries most affected by HIV/AIDS, lost investment from the emigration of doctors is considerable. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Destination countries should consider investing in measurable training for source countries and strengthening of their health systems. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Dengue is the most common arbovirus infection globally, but its burden is poorly quantified. 	 BACKGROUND
We estimated dengue mortality, incidence, and burden for the Global Burden of Disease Study 2013. 	 BACKGROUND
We modelled mortality from vital registration, verbal autopsy, and surveillance data using the Cause of Death Ensemble Modelling tool. 	 METHODS
We modelled incidence from officially reported cases, and adjusted our raw estimates for under-reporting based on published estimates of expansion factors. 	 METHODS
In total, we had 1780 country-years of mortality data from 130 countries, 1636 country-years of dengue case reports from 76 countries, and expansion factor estimates for 14 countries. 	 METHODS
We estimated an average of 9221 dengue deaths per year between 1990 and 2013, increasing from a low of 8277 (95% uncertainty estimate 5353-10 649) in 1992, to a peak of 11 302 (6790-13 722) in 2010. 	 FINDINGS
This yielded a total of 576 900 (330 000-701 200) years of life lost to premature mortality attributable to dengue in 2013. 	 FINDINGS
The incidence of dengue increased greatly between 1990 and 2013, with the number of cases more than doubling every decade, from 8·3 million (3·3 million-17·2 million) apparent cases in 1990, to 58·4 million (23·6 million-121·9 million) apparent cases in 2013. 	 FINDINGS
When accounting for disability from moderate and severe acute dengue, and post-dengue chronic fatigue, 566 000 (186 000-1 415 000) years lived with disability were attributable to dengue in 2013. 	 FINDINGS
Considering fatal and non-fatal outcomes together, dengue was responsible for 1·14 million (0·73 million-1·98 million) disability-adjusted life-years in 2013. 	 FINDINGS
Although lower than other estimates, our results offer more evidence that the true symptomatic incidence of dengue probably falls within the commonly cited range of 50 million to 100 million cases per year. 	 INTERPRETATION
Our mortality estimates are lower than those presented elsewhere and should be considered in light of the totality of evidence suggesting that dengue mortality might, in fact, be substantially higher. 	 INTERPRETATION
Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. 	 FUNDING
The Italian National Health Service (NHS) provides universal coverage to all citizens, granting primary and hospital care with a copayment system for outpatient and drug services. 	 BACKGROUND
Financing of Local Health Trusts (LHTs) is based on a capitation system adjusted only for age, gender and area of residence. 	 BACKGROUND
We applied a risk-adjustment system (Johns Hopkins Adjusted Clinical Groups System, ACG® System) in order to explain health care costs using routinely collected administrative data in the Veneto Region (North-eastern Italy). 	 BACKGROUND
All residents in the Veneto Region were included in the study. 	 METHODS
The ACG system was applied to classify the regional population based on the following information sources for the year 2015: Hospital Discharges, Emergency Room visits, Chronic disease registry for copayment exemptions, ambulatory visits, medications, the Home care database, and drug prescriptions. 	 METHODS
Simple linear regressions were used to contrast an age-gender model to models incorporating more comprehensive risk measures aimed at predicting health care costs. 	 METHODS
A simple age-gender model explained only 8% of the variance of 2015 total costs. 	 RESULTS
Adding diagnoses-related variables provided a 23% increase, while pharmacy based variables provided an additional 17% increase in explained variance. 	 RESULTS
The adjusted R-squared of the comprehensive model was 6 times that of the simple age-gender model. 	 RESULTS
System provides substantial improvement in predicting health care costs when compared to simple age-gender adjustments. 	 CONCLUSIONS ACG
Aging itself is not the main determinant of the increase of health care costs, which is better explained by the accumulation of chronic conditions and the resulting multimorbidity. 	 CONCLUSIONS ACG
& AIMS Hepatocytes in which the hepatitis B virus (HBV) is replicating exhibit loss of the chromatin modifying polycomb repressive complex 2 (PRC2), resulting in re-expression of specific, cellular PRC2-repressed genes. 	 BACKGROUND
Epithelial cell adhesion molecule (EpCAM) is a PRC2-repressed gene, normally expressed in hepatic progenitors, but re-expressed in hepatic cancer stem cells (hCSCs). 	 BACKGROUND
Herein, we investigated the functional significance of EpCAM re-expression in HBV-mediated hepatocarcinogenesis. 	 BACKGROUND
Employing molecular approaches (transfections, fluorescence-activated cell sorting, immunoblotting, qRT-PCR), we investigated the role of EpCAM-regulated intramembrane proteolysis (RIP) in HBV replicating cells in vitro, and in liver tumors from HBV X/c-myc mice and chronically HBV infected patients. 	 METHODS
EpCAM undergoes RIP in HBV replicating cells, activating canonical Wnt signaling. 	 RESULTS
Transfection of Wnt-responsive plasmid expressing green fluorescent protein (GFP) identified a GFP + population of HBV replicating cells. 	 RESULTS
These GFP+/Wnt+ cells exhibited cisplatin- and sorafenib-resistant growth resembling hCSCs, and increased expression of pluripotency genes NANOG, OCT4, SOX2, and hCSC markers BAMBI, CD44 and CD133. 	 RESULTS
These genes are referred as EpCAM RIP and Wnt-induced hCSC-like gene signature. 	 RESULTS
Interestingly, this gene signature is also overexpressed in liver tumors of X/c-myc bitransgenic mice. 	 RESULTS
Clinically, a group of HBV-associated hepatocellular carcinomas was identified, exhibiting elevated expression of the hCSC-like gene signature and associated with reduced overall survival post-surgical resection. 	 RESULTS
The hCSC-like gene signature offers promise as prognostic tool for classifying subtypes of HBV-induced HCCs. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Since EpCAM RIP and Wnt signaling drive expression of this hCSC-like signature, inhibition of these pathways can be explored as therapeutic strategy for this subtype of HBV-associated HCCs. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In this study, we provide evidence for a molecular mechanism by which chronic infection by the hepatitis B virus results in the development of poor prognosis liver cancer. 	 LAY SUMMARY
Based on this mechanism our results suggest possible therapeutic interventions. 	 LAY SUMMARY
Metformin, a widely used hypoglycemic drug, reduces stroke incidence and alleviates chronic inflammation in clinical trials. 	 BACKGROUND
However, the effect of metformin in ischemic stroke is unclear. 	 BACKGROUND
Here, we investigated the effect of metformin on ischemic stroke in mice and further explored the possible underlying mechanisms. 	 BACKGROUND
Ninety-eight adult male CD-1 mice underwent 90-minute transient middle cerebral artery occlusion (tMCAO). 	 METHODS
Metformin (200 mg/kg) was administrated for up to 14 days. 	 METHODS
Neurobehavioral outcomes, brain infarct volume, inflammatory factors, blood-brain barrier (BBB) permeability and AMPK signaling pathways were evaluated following tMCAO. 	 METHODS
Oxygen glucose deprivation was performed on bEND.3 cells to explore the mechanisms of metformin in inhibiting inflammatory signaling pathways. 	 METHODS
Infarct volume was reduced in metformin-treated mice compared to the control group following tMCAO (P < 0.05). 	 RESULTS
Neurobehavioral outcomes were greatly improved in metformin-treated mice (P < 0.05). 	 RESULTS
MPO+ cells, Gr1+ cells, MPO activity and BBB permeability were decreased after metformin administration (P < 0.05). 	 RESULTS
In addition, metformin activated AMPK phosphorylation, inhibited NF-κB activation, down-regulated cytokine (IL-1β, IL-6, TNF-α) and ICAM-1 expression following tMCAO (P < 0.05). 	 RESULTS
Furthermore, metformin activated AMPK signaling pathway and alleviated oxygen-glucose deprivation-induced ICAM-1 expression in bEND.3 cells (P < 0.05). 	 RESULTS
Compound C, a selective AMPK inhibitor, eliminated this promotional effect. 	 RESULTS
Metformin down-regulated ICAM-1 in an AMPK-dependent manner, which could effectively prevent ischemia-induced brain injury by alleviating neutrophil infiltration, suggesting that metformin is a promising therapeutic agent in stroke therapy. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Microfluidic platforms for quantitative evaluation of cell biologic processes allow low cost and time efficient research studies of biological and pathological events, such as monitoring cell migration by real-time imaging. 	 BACKGROUND
In healthy and disease states, cell migration is crucial in development and wound healing, as well as to maintain the body's homeostasis. 	 BACKGROUND
The microfluidic chambers allow precise measurements to investigate whether fibroblasts carrying a mutation in the TOR1A gene, underlying the hereditary neurologic disease--DYT1 dystonia, have decreased migration properties when compared to control cells. 	 NEW METHOD
We observed that fibroblasts from DYT1 patients showed abnormalities in basic features of cell migration, such as reduced velocity and persistence of movement. 	 RESULTS
The microfluidic method enabled us to demonstrate reduced polarization of the nucleus and abnormal orientation of nuclei and Golgi inside the moving DYT1 patient cells compared to control cells, as well as vectorial movement of single cells. 	 COMPARISON WITH EXISTING METHOD
We report here different assays useful in determining various parameters of cell migration in DYT1 patient cells as a consequence of the TOR1A gene mutation, including a microfluidic platform, which provides a means to evaluate real-time vectorial movement with single cell resolution in a three-dimensional environment. 	 CONCLUSION
The relation between sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs) and body weight remains controversial. 	 BACKGROUND
We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to summarize the evidence in children and adults. 	 OBJECTIVE
We searched PubMed, EMBASE, and Cochrane databases through March 2013 for prospective cohort studies and randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated the SSB-weight relation. 	 DESIGN
Separate meta-analyses were conducted in children and adults and for cohorts and RCTs by using random- and fixed-effects models. 	 DESIGN
Thirty-two original articles were included in our meta-analyses: 20 in children (15 cohort studies, n = 25,745; 5 trials, n = 2772) and 12 in adults (7 cohort studies, n = 174,252; 5 trials, n = 292). 	 RESULTS
In cohort studies, one daily serving increment of SSBs was associated with a 0.06 (95% CI: 0.02, 0.10) and 0.05 (95% CI: 0.03, 0.07)-unit increase in BMI in children and 0.22 kg (95% CI: 0.09, 0.34 kg) and 0.12 kg (95% CI: 0.10, 0.14 kg) weight gain in adults over 1 y in random- and fixed-effects models, respectively. 	 RESULTS
RCTs in children showed reductions in BMI gain when SSBs were reduced [random and fixed effects: -0.17 (95% CI: -0.39, 0.05) and -0.12 (95% CI: -0.22, -0.2)], whereas RCTs in adults showed increases in body weight when SSBs were added (random and fixed effects: 0.85 kg; 95% CI: 0.50, 1.20 kg). 	 RESULTS
Sensitivity analyses of RCTs in children showed more pronounced benefits in preventing weight gain in SSB substitution trials (compared with school-based educational programs) and among overweight children (compared with normal-weight children). 	 RESULTS
Our systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies and RCTs provides evidence that SSB consumption promotes weight gain in children and adults. 	 CONCLUSION
The diagnostic value of microRNA (miRNA) detection in patients with bladder cancer (BCa) is controversial. 	 BACKGROUND
We performed a diagnostic meta-analysis to evaluate current evidence on the use of miRNA assays to diagnose BCa. 	 BACKGROUND
We systematically searched PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science for studies published before March 31, 2015. 	 METHODS
The pooled sensitivity, specificity, positive and negative likelihood ratios, diagnostic odds ratio, and area under the curve (AUC) were calculated to evaluate the overall test performance. 	 METHODS
Subgroup analyses were used to explore the between-study heterogeneity. 	 METHODS
Deeks' funnel plot asymmetry test was used to test publication bias. 	 METHODS
We applied the software of RevMan 5.2 and Stata 11.0 to the meta-analysis. 	 METHODS
A total of 23 studies from nine articles were included in the meta-analysis, with a total of 719 patients and 494 controls. 	 RESULTS
The pooled sensitivity and specificity were 0.75 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.68-0.80) and 0.75 (95% CI, 0.70-0.80), respectively. 	 RESULTS
The pooled positive likelihood ratio was 3.03 (95% CI, 2.50-3.67); negative likelihood ratio was 0.33 (95% CI, 0.27-0.42); and diagnostic odds ratio was 9.07 (95% CI, 6.35-12.95). 	 RESULTS
The pooled AUC was 0.81 (95% CI, 0.78-0.85). 	 RESULTS
Subgroup analyses indicated that the multiple miRNAs assays and urine supernatant assays showed high accuracies in diagnosing BCa. 	 RESULTS
The miRNA assays may serve as potential noninvasive diagnostic tool for the detection of BCa. 	 CONCLUSION
However, the clinical application of miRNA assays for BCa diagnosis still needs further validation by large prospective studies. 	 CONCLUSION
Transforming growth factor β1 (TGF-β1) is a multifunctional cytokine. 	 BACKGROUND
There is growing evidence that TGF-β1 is involved in the pathogenesis of hypertension and the development of target organ damage in hypertensives. 	 BACKGROUND
Although several studies have shown that TGF-β1 induced vascular hypertrophy and remodelling in various vascular diseases, there are no longitudinal data on hypertension in the epidemiological studies. 	 BACKGROUND
The present study tested the hypothesis whether elevated TGF-β1 levels can predict the development of hypertension. 	 BACKGROUND
In 2002-2004, 528 subjects received health examinations in Uku town, southwestern Japan. 	 METHODS
We examined blood pressure (BP), body mass index, and blood test. 	 METHODS
Data on fasting plasma TGF-β1 were obtained from 528 individuals. 	 METHODS
Of these, 149 normotensives (BP <140/90 mm Hg without antihypertensive medications) at baseline were followed-up for 14 years. 	 METHODS
The receiver-operating characteristic curve was used and the calculated cutoff value was 8.9 ng/ml. 	 RESULTS
Of 149 normotensives at baseline, 59 subjects developed hypertension. 	 RESULTS
Plasma TGF-β1 levels were significantly associated with the development of hypertension after adjustment for confounding factors. 	 RESULTS
To further examine the association between them, we performed logistic regression analysis. 	 RESULTS
We divided the baseline plasma TGF-β1 levels into 2 groups using a cutoff value. 	 RESULTS
The significant high odds ratio [3.582 (95% confidence interval, 1.025-12.525)] for the development of hypertension was found in the highest group of TGF-β1 level vs. the lowest group after adjustment for confounders. 	 RESULTS
This is the first report demonstrating the causal relationship between them. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Elevated plasma TGF-β1 levels predicted the development of hypertension in normotensives in a population of community-dwelling Japanese. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Diabetic nephropathy is the leading cause of end-stage renal disease in developed countries. 	 BACKGROUND
We evaluated the renoprotective effects of dual blockade of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system by adding treatment with aliskiren, an oral direct renin inhibitor, to treatment with the maximal recommended dose of losartan (100 mg daily) and optimal antihypertensive therapy in patients who had hypertension and type 2 diabetes with nephropathy. 	 BACKGROUND
We enrolled 599 patients in this multinational, randomized, double-blind study. 	 METHODS
After a 3-month, open-label, run-in period during which patients received 100 mg of losartan daily, patients were randomly assigned to receive 6 months of treatment with aliskiren (150 mg daily for 3 months, followed by an increase in dosage to 300 mg daily for another 3 months) or placebo, in addition to losartan. 	 METHODS
The primary outcome was a reduction in the ratio of albumin to creatinine, as measured in an early-morning urine sample, at 6 months. 	 METHODS
The baseline characteristics of the two groups were similar. 	 RESULTS
Treatment with 300 mg of aliskiren daily, as compared with placebo, reduced the mean urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio by 20% (95% confidence interval, 9 to 30; P<0.001), with a reduction of 50% or more in 24.7% of the patients who received aliskiren as compared with 12.5% of those who received placebo (P<0.001). 	 RESULTS
A small difference in blood pressure was seen between the treatment groups by the end of the study period (systolic, 2 mm Hg lower [P=0.07] and diastolic, 1 mm Hg lower [P=0.08] in the aliskiren group). 	 RESULTS
The total numbers of adverse and serious adverse events were similar in the groups. 	 RESULTS
Aliskiren may have renoprotective effects that are independent of its blood-pressure-lowering effect in patients with hypertension, type 2 diabetes, and nephropathy who are receiving the recommended renoprotective treatment. 	 CONCLUSIONS
(ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00097955 [ClinicalTrials.gov].). 	 CONCLUSIONS
BACKGROUND:It is well established that a minority of celiac patients present with “classic” symptoms due to malabsorption. 	 CONCLUSIONS
However, few studies have focussed on the distribution of body mass index (BMI) in celiac populations and its relationship to clinical characteristics, or on its response to treatment. 	 CONCLUSIONS
METHODS:We reviewed BMI measurements and other clinical and pathological characteristics from a database of 371 celiac patients diagnosed over a 10-yr period and seen by a single gastroenterologist. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To assess response to gluten exclusion, we compared BMI at diagnosis and after 2 yr treatment in patients with serological support for dietary compliance. 	 CONCLUSIONS
RESULTS:Mean BMI was 24.6 kg/m2 (range 16.3–43.5). 	 CONCLUSIONS
Seventeen patients (5%) were underweight (BMI <18.5), 211 (57%) were normal, and 143 (39%) were overweight (BMI ≥25), including 48 (13% of all patients) in the obese range (BMI ≥30.0). 	 CONCLUSIONS
There was a significant association between low BMI and female gender, history of diarrhea, reduced hemoglobin concentration, reduced bone mineral density (BMD), osteoporosis, and higher grades (subtotal/total) of villous atrophy. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Of patients compliant with a gluten-free diet, 81% had gained weight after 2 yr, including 82% of initially overweight patients. 	 CONCLUSIONS
CONCLUSIONS:Few celiac patients are underweight at diagnosis and a large minority is overweight; these are less likely to present with classical features of diarrhea and reduced hemoglobin. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Failed or delayed diagnosis of celiac disease may reflect lack of awareness of this large subgroup. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The increase in weight of already overweight patients after dietary gluten exclusion is a potential cause of morbidity, and the gluten-free diet as conventionally prescribed needs to be modified accordingly. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The Polycomb group (PcG) of proteins is a family of important developmental regulators. 	 BACKGROUND
The respective members function as large protein complexes involved in establishment and maintenance of transcriptional repression of developmental control genes. 	 BACKGROUND
MBTD1, Malignant Brain Tumor domain-containing protein 1, is one such PcG protein. 	 BACKGROUND
MBTD1 contains four MBT repeats. 	 BACKGROUND
METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS We have determined the crystal structure of MBTD1 (residues 130-566aa covering the 4 MBT repeats) at 2.5 A resolution by X-ray crystallography. 	 BACKGROUND
The crystal structure of MBTD1 reveals its similarity to another four-MBT-repeat protein L3MBTL2, which binds lower methylated lysine histones. 	 BACKGROUND
Fluorescence polarization experiments confirmed that MBTD1 preferentially binds mono- and di-methyllysine histone peptides, like L3MBTL1 and L3MBTL2. 	 BACKGROUND
All known MBT-peptide complex structures characterized to date do not exhibit strong histone peptide sequence selectivity, and use a "cavity insertion recognition mode" to recognize the methylated lysine with the deeply buried methyl-lysine forming extensive interactions with the protein while the peptide residues flanking methyl-lysine forming very few contacts [1]. 	 BACKGROUND
Nevertheless, our mutagenesis data based on L3MBTL1 suggested that the histone peptides could not bind to MBT repeats in any orientation. 	 BACKGROUND
The four MBT repeats in MBTD1 exhibits an asymmetric rhomboid architecture. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Like other MBT repeat proteins characterized so far, MBTD1 binds mono- or dimethylated lysine histones through one of its four MBT repeats utilizing a semi-aromatic cage. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This article can also be viewed as an enhanced version in which the text of the article is integrated with interactive 3D representations and animated transitions. 	 ENHANCED VERSION
Please note that a web plugin is required to access this enhanced functionality. 	 ENHANCED VERSION
Instructions for the installation and use of the web plugin are available in Text S1. 	 ENHANCED VERSION
Cancer Stem Cells (CSCs) hypothesis asserts that only a small subset of cells within a tumour is capable of both tumour initiation and sustainment. 	 BACKGROUND
The Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition (EMT) is an embryonic developmental program that is often activated during cancer invasion and metastasis. 	 BACKGROUND
The aim of this study is to shed light on the relationship between EMT and CSCs by using LC31 lung cancer primary cell line. 	 BACKGROUND
A549 and LC31 cell lines were treated with 2 ng/ml TGFβ-1 for 30 days, and 80 days, respectively. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
To evaluate EMT, morphological changes were assessed by light microscopy, immunofluorescence and cytometry for following markers: cytokeratins, e-cadherin, CD326 (epithelial markers) and CD90, and vimentin (mesenchymal markers). 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
Moreover, RT-PCR for Slug, Twist and β-catenin genes were performed. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
On TGFβ-1 treated and untreated LC31 cell lines, we performed stemness tests such as pneumospheres growth and stem markers expression such as Oct4, Nanog, Sox2, c-kit and CD133. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
Western Blot for CD133 and tumorigenicity assays using NOD/SCID mice were performed. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
TGFβ-1 treated LC31 cell line lost its epithelial morphology assuming a fibroblast-like appearance. 	 RESULTS
The same results were obtained for the A549 cell line (as control). 	 RESULTS
Immunofluorescence and cytometry showed up-regulation of vimentin and CD90 and down-regulation of cytocheratin, e-cadherin and CD326 in TGFβ-1 treated LC31 and A549 cell lines. 	 RESULTS
Slug, Twist and β-catenin m-RNA transcripts were up-regulated in TGFβ-1 treated LC31 cell line confirming EMT. 	 RESULTS
This cell line showed also over-expression of Oct4, Nanog, Sox2 and CD133, all genes of stemness. 	 RESULTS
In addition, in TGFβ-1 treated LC31 cell line, an increased pneumosphere-forming capacity and tumours-forming ability in NOD/SCID mice were detectable. 	 RESULTS
The induction of EMT by TGFβ-1 exposure, in primary lung cancer cell line results in the acquisition of mesenchymal profile and in the expression of stem cell markers. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Corin is a serine protease that converts pro-atrial natriuretic peptide (pro-ANP) to atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP), a cardiac hormone that regulates salt-water balance and blood pressure. 	 OBJECTIVE
is degraded by natriuretic peptide receptor (NPR). 	 ANP
This study was to determine if aberrant pro-ANP/corin/NPR signaling is present in maternal vascular system in preeclampsia. 	 ANP
Maternal venous blood was obtained from 197 pregnant women (84 normotensive, 16 complicated with chronic hypertension (CHT), 11 mild and 86 severe preeclampsia). 	 STUDY DESIGN
Plasma corin and pro-ANP concentrations were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. 	 STUDY DESIGN
Maternal subcutaneous fat tissue was obtained from 12 pregnant women with cesarean section delivery (6 normotensive and 6 preeclampsia). 	 STUDY DESIGN
Vascular ANP and its receptors NPR-A, NPR-B, and NPR-C expression were examined by immunostaining of paraffin embedded subcutaneous fat tissue sections. 	 STUDY DESIGN
Corin concentrations were significantly higher in mild (2.78 ± 0.67 ng/ml, p < .05) and severe (2.53 ± 0.18 ng/ml, p < .01) preeclampsia than in normotensive (1.58 ± 0.08 ng/ml) and CHT (1.55 ± 0.20 ng/ml) groups. 	 RESULTS
Pro-ANP concentrations were significantly higher in CHT (1.59 ± 0.53 ng/ml, p < .05) and severe preeclampsia (1.42 ± 0.24 ng/ml, p < .01) than in normotensive (0.48 ± 0.06 ng/ml) and mild preeclampsia (0.52 ± 0.09 ng/ml) groups. 	 RESULTS
and NPR-B expression was undetectable in maternal vessels from normotensive and preeclamptic pregnancies, but reduced NPR-A expression and increased NPR-C expression was found in maternal vessel endothelium in preeclampsia. 	 ANP
is a vasodilator and NPR-C is a clearance receptor for ANP. 	 CONCLUSIONS ANP
The finding of upregulation of NPR-C expression suggests that circulating ANP clearance or degradation is increased in preeclampsia. 	 CONCLUSIONS ANP
These results also suggest that pro-ANP/corin/NPR signaling is dominant in the vascular system in preeclampsia. 	 CONCLUSIONS ANP
Malaria elimination requires a variety of approaches individually optimized for different transmission settings. 	 BACKGROUND
A recent field study in an area of low seasonal transmission in South West Cambodia demonstrated dramatic reductions in malaria parasite prevalence following both mass drug administration (MDA) and high treatment coverage of symptomatic patients with artemisinin-piperaquine plus primaquine. 	 BACKGROUND
This study employed multiple combined strategies and it was unclear what contribution each made to the reductions in malaria. 	 BACKGROUND
A mathematical model fitted to the trial results was used to assess the effects of the various components of these interventions, design optimal elimination strategies, and explore their interactions with artemisinin resistance, which has recently been discovered in Western Cambodia. 	 METHOD AND FINDINGS
The modelling indicated that most of the initial reduction of P. falciparum malaria resulted from MDA with artemisinin-piperaquine. 	 METHOD AND FINDINGS
The subsequent continued decline and near elimination resulted mainly from high coverage with artemisinin-piperaquine treatment. 	 METHOD AND FINDINGS
Both these strategies were more effective with the addition of primaquine. 	 METHOD AND FINDINGS
with artemisinin combination therapy (ACT) increased the proportion of artemisinin resistant infections, although much less than treatment of symptomatic cases with ACT, and this increase was slowed by adding primaquine. 	 MDA
Artemisinin resistance reduced the effectiveness of interventions using ACT when the prevalence of resistance was very high. 	 MDA
The main results were robust to assumptions about primaquine action, and immunity. 	 MDA
The key messages of these modelling results for policy makers were: high coverage with ACT treatment can produce a long-term reduction in malaria whereas the impact of MDA is generally only short-term; primaquine enhances the effect of ACT in eliminating malaria and reduces the increase in proportion of artemisinin resistant infections; parasite prevalence is a better surveillance measure for elimination programmes than numbers of symptomatic cases; combinations of interventions are most effective and sustained efforts are crucial for successful elimination. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In patients with brain metastases, it is unclear whether adding up-front whole-brain radiation therapy (WBRT) to stereotactic radiosurgery (SRS) has beneficial effects on mortality or neurologic function compared with SRS alone. 	 CONTEXT
To determine if WBRT combined with SRS results in improvements in survival, brain tumor control, functional preservation rate, and frequency of neurologic death. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PATIENTS Randomized controlled trial of 132 patients with 1 to 4 brain metastases, each less than 3 cm in diameter, enrolled at 11 hospitals in Japan between October 1999 and December 2003. 	 OBJECTIVE
Patients were randomly assigned to receive WBRT plus SRS (65 patients) or SRS alone (67 patients). 	 INTERVENTIONS
The primary end point was overall survival; secondary end points were brain tumor recurrence, salvage brain treatment, functional preservation, toxic effects of radiation, and cause of death. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
The median survival time and the 1-year actuarial survival rate were 7.5 months and 38.5% (95% confidence interval, 26.7%-50.3%) in the WBRT + SRS group and 8.0 months and 28.4% (95% confidence interval, 17.6%-39.2%) for SRS alone (P = .42). 	 RESULTS
The 12-month brain tumor recurrence rate was 46.8% in the WBRT + SRS group and 76.4% for SRS alone group (P<.001). 	 RESULTS
Salvage brain treatment was less frequently required in the WBRT + SRS group (n = 10) than with SRS alone (n = 29) (P<.001). 	 RESULTS
Death was attributed to neurologic causes in 22.8% of patients in the WBRT + SRS group and in 19.3% of those treated with SRS alone (P = .64). 	 RESULTS
There were no significant differences in systemic and neurologic functional preservation and toxic effects of radiation. 	 RESULTS
Compared with SRS alone, the use of WBRT plus SRS did not improve survival for patients with 1 to 4 brain metastases, but intracranial relapse occurred considerably more frequently in those who did not receive WBRT. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Consequently, salvage treatment is frequently required when up-front WBRT is not used. 	 CONCLUSIONS
umin.ac.jp/ctr Identifier: C000000412. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
To evaluate if a specific exercise strategy, targeting the rotator cuff and scapula stabilisers, improves shoulder function and pain more than unspecific exercises in patients with subacromial impingement syndrome, thereby decreasing the need for arthroscopic subacromial decompression. 	 OBJECTIVE
Randomised, participant and single assessor blinded, controlled study. 	 DESIGN
Department of orthopaedics in a Swedish university hospital. 	 SETTING
102 patients with long standing (over six months) persistent subacromial impingement syndrome in whom earlier conservative treatment had failed, recruited through orthopaedic specialists. 	 PARTICIPANTS
The specific exercise strategy consisted of strengthening eccentric exercises for the rotator cuff and concentric/eccentric exercises for the scapula stabilisers in combination with manual mobilisation. 	 INTERVENTIONS
The control exercise programme consisted of unspecific movement exercises for the neck and shoulder. 	 INTERVENTIONS
Patients in both groups received five to six individual guided treatment sessions during 12 weeks. 	 INTERVENTIONS
In between these supervised sessions the participants performed home exercises once or twice a day for 12 weeks. 	 INTERVENTIONS
The primary outcome was the Constant-Murley shoulder assessment score evaluating shoulder function and pain. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Secondary outcomes were patients' global impression of change because of treatment and decision regarding surgery. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Most (97, 95%) participants completed the 12 week study. 	 RESULTS
There was a significantly greater improvement in the Constant-Murley score in the specific exercise group than in the control exercise group (24 points (95% confidence interval 19 to 28.0) v 9 points (5 to 13); mean difference between group: 15 points (8.5 to 20.6)). 	 RESULTS
Significantly more patients in the specific exercise group reported successful outcome (defined as large improvement or recovered) in the patients' global assessment of change because of treatment: 69% (35/51) v 24% (11/46); odds ratio 7.6, 3.1 to 18.9; P<0.001. 	 RESULTS
A significantly lower proportion of patients in the specific exercise group subsequently chose to undergo surgery: 20% (10/51) v 63% (29/46); odds ratio 7.7, 3.1 to 19.4; P<0.001). 	 RESULTS
A specific exercise strategy, focusing on strengthening eccentric exercises for the rotator cuff and concentric/eccentric exercises for the scapula stabilisers, is effective in reducing pain and improving shoulder function in patients with persistent subacromial impingement syndrome. 	 CONCLUSION
By extension, this exercise strategy reduces the need for arthroscopic subacromial decompression within the three month timeframe used in the study. 	 CONCLUSION
Clinical trials NCT01037673. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
Acute myeloid leukemia (AML) is a heterogeneous disease with poor outcomes. 	 PURPOSE
Despite increased evidence shows that dysregulation of histone modification contributes to AML, specific drugs targeting key histone modulators are not applied in the clinical treatment of AML. 	 PURPOSE
Here, we investigated whether targeting KDM6B, the demethylase of tri-methylated histone H3 lysine 27 (H3K27me3), has a therapeutic potential for AML. 	 PURPOSE
A KDM6B-specific inhibitor, GSK-J4, was applied to treat the primary cells from AML patients and AML cell lines in vitro and in vivo. 	 METHODS
RNA-sequencing was performed to reveal the underlying mechanisms of inhibiting KDM6B for the treatment of AML. 	 METHODS
Here we observed that the mRNA expression of KDM6B was up-regulated in AML and positively correlated with poor survival. 	 RESULTS
Treatment with GSK-J4 increased the global level of H3K27me3 and reduced the proliferation and colony-forming ability of primary AML cells and AML cell lines. 	 RESULTS
GSK-J4 treatment significantly induced cell apoptosis and cell-cycle arrest in Kasumi-1 cells, and displayed a synergistic effect with cytosine arabinoside. 	 RESULTS
Notably, injection of GSK-J4 attenuated the disease progression in a human AML xenograft mouse model in vivo. 	 RESULTS
Treatment with GSK-J4 predominantly resulted in down-regulation of DNA replication and cell-cycle-related pathways, as well as abrogated the expression of critical cancer-promoting HOX genes. 	 RESULTS
ChIP-qPCR validated an increased enrichment of H3K27me3 in the transcription start sites of these HOX genes. 	 RESULTS
In summary, our findings suggest that targeting KDM6B with GSK-J4 has a therapeutic potential for the treatment of AML. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Age-associated epigenetic changes are implicated in aging. 	 BACKGROUND
Notably, age-associated DNA methylation changes comprise a so-called aging "clock", a robust biomarker of aging. 	 BACKGROUND
However, while genetic, dietary and drug interventions can extend lifespan, their impact on the epigenome is uncharacterised. 	 BACKGROUND
To fill this knowledge gap, we defined age-associated DNA methylation changes at the whole-genome, single-nucleotide level in mouse liver and tested the impact of longevity-promoting interventions, specifically the Ames dwarf Prop1 df/df mutation, calorie restriction and rapamycin. 	 BACKGROUND
In wild-type mice fed an unsupplemented ad libitum diet, age-associated hypomethylation was enriched at super-enhancers in highly expressed genes critical for liver function. 	 RESULTS
Genes harbouring hypomethylated enhancers were enriched for genes that change expression with age. 	 RESULTS
Hypermethylation was enriched at CpG islands marked with bivalent activating and repressing histone modifications and resembled hypermethylation in liver cancer. 	 RESULTS
Age-associated methylation changes are suppressed in Ames dwarf and calorie restricted mice and more selectively and less specifically in rapamycin treated mice. 	 RESULTS
Age-associated hypo- and hypermethylation events occur at distinct regulatory features of the genome. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Distinct longevity-promoting interventions, specifically genetic, dietary and drug interventions, suppress some age-associated methylation changes, consistent with the idea that these interventions exert their beneficial effects, in part, by modulation of the epigenome. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This study is a foundation to understand the epigenetic contribution to healthy aging and longevity and the molecular basis of the DNA methylation clock. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Soy protein or its components may protect against the atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors total homocysteine (tHcy), C-reactive protein (CRP), and excess body iron, which generally increase with menopause. 	 BACKGROUND
The primary objective of this study was to determine the independent effect of the soy protein components isoflavones and phytate on CVD risk factors in postmenopausal women. 	 OBJECTIVE
The secondary objective was to identify factors [blood lipids, oxidative stress indexes, serum ferritin, plasma folate, plasma vitamin B-12, and body mass index (BMI)] contributing to tHcy and CRP concentrations. 	 OBJECTIVE
In a double-blind, 6-wk study, 55 postmenopausal women aged 47-72 y were randomly assigned to 1 of 4 soy protein (40 g/d) isolate treatments: native phytate and native isoflavone (n = 14), native phytate and low isoflavone (n = 13), low phytate and native isoflavone (n = 14), or low phytate and low isoflavone (n = 14). 	 DESIGN
We measured iron indexes, tHcy, CRP, and BMI. 	 DESIGN
Soy protein with native phytate significantly reduced tHcy (P = 0.017), transferrin saturation (P = 0.027), and ferritin (P = 0.029), whereas soy protein with native isoflavones had no effect on any variables. 	 RESULTS
At baseline, BMI was highly correlated with tHcy (r = 0.39, P = 0.003) and CRP (r = 0.55, P < 0.0001), whereas HDL cholesterol was correlated with CRP (r = -0.30, P = 0.02). 	 RESULTS
Multiple regression analysis showed that LDL cholesterol and BMI contributed significantly (R2= 19.9%, P = 0.003) to the overall variance in tHcy. 	 RESULTS
Consuming phytate-rich foods and maintaining a healthy weight may reduce atherosclerotic CVD risk factors in postmenopausal women. 	 CONCLUSION
The aim of this study was to determine the prognostic value of plasma corin in patients with chronic heart failure (CHF). 	 OBJECTIVES
In recent years, accumulating evidence has indicated that corin plays a critical role in regulating blood pressure and cardiac function. 	 BACKGROUND
We enrolled 1,148 consecutive CHF patients in a prospective cohort study and explored the association between plasma corin levels and clinical prognosis using multivariate Cox regression analysis. 	 METHODS
Patients with low corin levels (<458 pg/ml) were more likely to be women and to be hypertensive. 	 RESULTS
Low corin was found to be associated with an increase in New York Heart Association (NYHA) functional class and N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) levels, and a decrease in left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) and the estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR). 	 RESULTS
Multivariate Cox regression analysis suggested that log corin was an independent predictor of major adverse cardiac event(s) (MACE) (hazard ratio: 0.62; 95% confidence interval: 0.39 to 0.95), together with age, diabetes, NYHA functional class, LVEF, eGFR, and log NT-proBNP. 	 RESULTS
In addition, log corin was also a significant predictor for cardiovascular death (p = 0.041) and heart failure rehospitalization (p = 0.015) after adjustment for clinical variables and established biomarkers of adverse prognosis. 	 RESULTS
The Kaplan-Meier survival curves showed that low corin was a significant predictor of MACE in patients with NT-proBNP levels above and below the median. 	 RESULTS
Our study demonstrates that plasma corin is a valuable prognostic marker of MACE in patients with CHF, independent of established conventional risk factors. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Little is known about how the intensity of exercise influences cardiovascular fitness and body composition, especially in obese adolescents. 	 BACKGROUND
Our goal was to determine the effects of physical training intensity on the cardiovascular fitness, percentage of body fat (%BF), and visceral adipose tissue (VAT) of obese adolescents. 	 OBJECTIVE
Obese 13-16-y-olds (n = 80) were assigned to 1) biweekly lifestyle education (LSE), 2) LSE + moderate-intensity physical training, or 3) LSE + high-intensity physical training. 	 DESIGN
The intervention lasted 8 mo. 	 DESIGN
Physical training was offered 5 d/wk, and the target energy expenditure for all subjects in physical training groups was 1047 kJ (250 kcal)/session. 	 DESIGN
Cardiovascular fitness was measured with a multistage treadmill test, %BF with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, and VAT with magnetic resonance imaging. 	 DESIGN
The increase in cardiovascular fitness in the high-intensity physical training group, but not in the moderate-intensity group, was significantly greater than that in the LSE alone group (P = 0.009); no other comparisons of the 3 groups were significant. 	 RESULTS
Compared with the LSE alone group, a group composed of subjects in both physical training groups combined who attended training sessions >or=2 d/wk showed favorable changes in cardiovascular fitness (P < 0.001), %BF (P = 0.001), and VAT (P = 0.029). 	 RESULTS
We found no evidence that the high-intensity physical training was more effective than the moderate-intensity physical training in enhancing body composition. 	 RESULTS
The cardiovascular fitness of obese adolescents was significantly improved by physical training, especially high-intensity physical training. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The physical training also reduced both visceral and total-body adiposity, but there was no clear effect of the intensity of physical training. 	 CONCLUSIONS
& AIMS Ghrelin is an orexigenic peptide with gastroprokinetic effects. 	 BACKGROUND
Mice with streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetes exhibit hyperphagia, altered gastric emptying, and increased plasma ghrelin levels. 	 BACKGROUND
We investigated the causative role of ghrelin herein by comparing changes in ghrelin receptor knockout (growth hormone secretagogue receptor [GHS-R](-/-)) and wild-type (GHS-R(+/+)) mice with STZ-induced diabetes. 	 BACKGROUND
Gastric emptying was measured with the [(13)C]octanoic acid breath test. 	 METHODS
The messenger RNA (mRNA) expression of neuropeptide Y (NPY), agouti-related peptide (AgRP), and proopiomelanocortin was quantified by real-time reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction. 	 METHODS
Neural contractions were elicited by electrical field stimulation in fundic smooth muscle strips. 	 METHODS
Diabetes increased plasma ghrelin levels to a similar extent in both genotypes. 	 RESULTS
Hyperphagia was more pronounced in GHS-R(+/+) than in GHS-R(-/-) mice between days 12 and 21. 	 RESULTS
Increases in NPY and AgRP mRNA expression were less pronounced in diabetic GHS-R(-/-) than in GHS-R(+/+) mice from day 15 on, whereas decreases in proopiomelanocortin mRNA levels were similar in both genotypes. 	 RESULTS
Gastric emptying was accelerated to a similar extent in both genotypes, starting on day 16. 	 RESULTS
In fundic smooth muscle strips of diabetic GHS-R(+/+) and GHS-R(-/-) mice, neuronal relaxations were reduced, whereas contractions were increased; this increase was related to an increased affinity of muscarinic and tachykinergic receptors. 	 RESULTS
Diabetic hyperphagia is regulated by central mechanisms in which the ghrelin-signaling pathway affects the expression of NPY and AgRP in the hypothalamus. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The acceleration of gastric emptying, which is not affected by ghrelin signaling, is not the cause of diabetic hyperphagia and probably involves local contractility changes in the fundus. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The cholecalciferol inputs required to achieve or maintain any given serum 25-hydroxycholecalciferol concentration are not known, particularly within ranges comparable to the probable physiologic supply of the vitamin. 	 BACKGROUND
The objectives were to establish the quantitative relation between steady state cholecalciferol input and the resulting serum 25-hydroxycholecalciferol concentration and to estimate the proportion of the daily requirement during winter that is met by cholecalciferol reserves in body tissue stores. 	 OBJECTIVES
Cholecalciferol was administered daily in controlled oral doses labeled at 0, 25, 125, and 250 micro g cholecalciferol for approximately 20 wk during the winter to 67 men living in Omaha (41.2 degrees N latitude). 	 DESIGN
The time course of serum 25-hydroxycholecalciferol concentration was measured at intervals over the course of treatment. 	 DESIGN
From a mean baseline value of 70.3 nmol/L, equilibrium concentrations of serum 25-hydroxycholecalciferol changed during the winter months in direct proportion to the dose, with a slope of approximately 0.70 nmol/L for each additional 1 micro g cholecalciferol input. 	 RESULTS
The calculated oral input required to sustain the serum 25-hydroxycholecalciferol concentration present before the study (ie, in the autumn) was 12.5 micro g (500 IU)/d, whereas the total amount from all sources (supplement, food, tissue stores) needed to sustain the starting 25-hydroxycholecalciferol concentration was estimated at approximately 96 micro g (approximately 3800 IU)/d. 	 RESULTS
By difference, the tissue stores provided approximately 78-82 micro g/d. 	 RESULTS
Healthy men seem to use 3000-5000 IU cholecalciferol/d, apparently meeting > 80% of their winter cholecalciferol need with cutaneously synthesized accumulations from solar sources during the preceding summer months. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Current recommended vitamin D inputs are inadequate to maintain serum 25-hydroxycholecalciferol concentration in the absence of substantial cutaneous production of vitamin D. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Intratumor heterogeneity may foster tumor evolution and adaptation and hinder personalized-medicine strategies that depend on results from single tumor-biopsy samples. 	 BACKGROUND
To examine intratumor heterogeneity, we performed exome sequencing, chromosome aberration analysis, and ploidy profiling on multiple spatially separated samples obtained from primary renal carcinomas and associated metastatic sites. 	 METHODS
We characterized the consequences of intratumor heterogeneity using immunohistochemical analysis, mutation functional analysis, and profiling of messenger RNA expression. 	 METHODS
Phylogenetic reconstruction revealed branched evolutionary tumor growth, with 63 to 69% of all somatic mutations not detectable across every tumor region. 	 RESULTS
Intratumor heterogeneity was observed for a mutation within an autoinhibitory domain of the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) kinase, correlating with S6 and 4EBP phosphorylation in vivo and constitutive activation of mTOR kinase activity in vitro. 	 RESULTS
Mutational intratumor heterogeneity was seen for multiple tumor-suppressor genes converging on loss of function; SETD2, PTEN, and KDM5C underwent multiple distinct and spatially separated inactivating mutations within a single tumor, suggesting convergent phenotypic evolution. 	 RESULTS
Gene-expression signatures of good and poor prognosis were detected in different regions of the same tumor. 	 RESULTS
Allelic composition and ploidy profiling analysis revealed extensive intratumor heterogeneity, with 26 of 30 tumor samples from four tumors harboring divergent allelic-imbalance profiles and with ploidy heterogeneity in two of four tumors. 	 RESULTS
Intratumor heterogeneity can lead to underestimation of the tumor genomics landscape portrayed from single tumor-biopsy samples and may present major challenges to personalized-medicine and biomarker development. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Intratumor heterogeneity, associated with heterogeneous protein function, may foster tumor adaptation and therapeutic failure through Darwinian selection. 	 CONCLUSIONS
(Funded by the Medical Research Council and others.). 	 CONCLUSIONS
The apolipoprotein E (APOE) genotype provides information on the risk of Alzheimer's disease, but the genotyping of patients and their family members has been discouraged. 	 BACKGROUND
We examined the effect of genotype disclosure in a prospective, randomized, controlled trial. 	 BACKGROUND
We randomly assigned 162 asymptomatic adults who had a parent with Alzheimer's disease to receive the results of their own APOE genotyping (disclosure group) or not to receive such results (nondisclosure group). 	 METHODS
We measured symptoms of anxiety, depression, and test-related distress 6 weeks, 6 months, and 1 year after disclosure or nondisclosure. 	 METHODS
RESULTS 	 METHODS
There were no significant differences between the two groups in changes in time-averaged measures of anxiety (4.5 in the disclosure group and 4.4 in the nondisclosure group, P=0.84), depression (8.8 and 8.7, respectively; P=0.98), or test-related distress (6.9 and 7.5, respectively; P=0.61). 	 METHODS
Secondary comparisons between the nondisclosure group and a disclosure subgroup of subjects carrying the APOE epsilon4 allele (which is associated with increased risk) also revealed no significant differences. 	 METHODS
However, the epsilon4-negative subgroup had a significantly lower level of test-related distress than did the epsilon4-positive subgroup (P=0.01). 	 METHODS
Subjects with clinically meaningful changes in psychological outcomes were distributed evenly among the nondisclosure group and the epsilon4-positive and epsilon4-negative subgroups. 	 METHODS
Baseline scores for anxiety and depression were strongly associated with post-disclosure scores of these measures (P<0.001 for both comparisons). 	 METHODS
The disclosure of APOE genotyping results to adult children of patients with Alzheimer's disease did not result in significant short-term psychological risks. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Test-related distress was reduced among those who learned that they were APOE epsilon4-negative. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Persons with high levels of emotional distress before undergoing genetic testing were more likely to have emotional difficulties after disclosure. 	 CONCLUSIONS
(ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00571025.) 	 CONCLUSIONS
The associations of blood pressure with the different manifestations of incident cardiovascular disease in a contemporary population have not been compared. 	 BACKGROUND
In this study, we aimed to analyse the associations of blood pressure with 12 different presentations of cardiovascular disease. 	 BACKGROUND
We used linked electronic health records from 1997 to 2010 in the CALIBER (CArdiovascular research using LInked Bespoke studies and Electronic health Records) programme to assemble a cohort of 1·25 million patients, 30 years of age or older and initially free from cardiovascular disease, a fifth of whom received blood pressure-lowering treatments. 	 METHODS
We studied the heterogeneity in the age-specific associations of clinically measured blood pressure with 12 acute and chronic cardiovascular diseases, and estimated the lifetime risks (up to 95 years of age) and cardiovascular disease-free life-years lost adjusted for other risk factors at index ages 30, 60, and 80 years. 	 METHODS
This study is registered at ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT01164371. 	 METHODS
During 5·2 years median follow-up, we recorded 83,098 initial cardiovascular disease presentations. 	 FINDINGS
In each age group, the lowest risk for cardiovascular disease was in people with systolic blood pressure of 90-114 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressure of 60-74 mm Hg, with no evidence of a J-shaped increased risk at lower blood pressures. 	 FINDINGS
The effect of high blood pressure varied by cardiovascular disease endpoint, from strongly positive to no effect. 	 FINDINGS
Associations with high systolic blood pressure were strongest for intracerebral haemorrhage (hazard ratio 1·44 [95% CI 1·32-1·58]), subarachnoid haemorrhage (1·43 [1·25-1·63]), and stable angina (1·41 [1·36-1·46]), and weakest for abdominal aortic aneurysm (1·08 [1·00-1·17]). 	 FINDINGS
Compared with diastolic blood pressure, raised systolic blood pressure had a greater effect on angina, myocardial infarction, and peripheral arterial disease, whereas raised diastolic blood pressure had a greater effect on abdominal aortic aneurysm than did raised systolic pressure. 	 FINDINGS
Pulse pressure associations were inverse for abdominal aortic aneurysm (HR per 10 mm Hg 0·91 [95% CI 0·86-0·98]) and strongest for peripheral arterial disease (1·23 [1·20-1·27]). 	 FINDINGS
People with hypertension (blood pressure ≥140/90 mm Hg or those receiving blood pressure-lowering drugs) had a lifetime risk of overall cardiovascular disease at 30 years of age of 63·3% (95% CI 62·9-63·8) compared with 46·1% (45·5-46·8) for those with normal blood pressure, and developed cardiovascular disease 5·0 years earlier (95% CI 4·8-5·2). 	 FINDINGS
Stable and unstable angina accounted for most (43%) of the cardiovascular disease-free years of life lost associated with hypertension from index age 30 years, whereas heart failure and stable angina accounted for the largest proportion (19% each) of years of life lost from index age 80 years. 	 FINDINGS
The widely held assumptions that blood pressure has strong associations with the occurrence of all cardiovascular diseases across a wide age range, and that diastolic and systolic associations are concordant, are not supported by the findings of this high-resolution study. 	 INTERPRETATION
Despite modern treatments, the lifetime burden of hypertension is substantial. 	 INTERPRETATION
These findings emphasise the need for new blood pressure-lowering strategies, and will help to inform the design of randomised trials to assess them. 	 INTERPRETATION
Medical Research Council, National Institute for Health Research, and Wellcome Trust. 	 FUNDING
Ongoing initiatives to filter online health searches exclude consumer-generated content from search returns, though its inferiority compared with professionally controlled content is not demonstrated. 	 BACKGROUND
The antidepressant escitalopram and the antipsychotic quetiapine have ranked over the last 5 years as top-selling agents in their respective drug classes. 	 BACKGROUND
Both drugs have various off-label mental health and non-mental health uses, ranging from the relief of insomnia and migraines to the treatment of severe developmental disorders. 	 BACKGROUND
Our objective was to describe the most frequently reported effects of escitalopram and quetiapine in online consumer reviews, to compare them with effects described in professionally controlled commercial health websites, and to gauge the usability of online consumer medication reviews. 	 OBJECTIVE
A stratified simple random sample of 960 consumer reviews was selected from all 6998 consumer reviews of the two drugs in 2 consumer-generated (www.askapatient.com and www.crazymeds.us) and 2 professionally controlled (www.webmd.com and www.revolutionhealth.com) health websites. 	 METHODS
Professional medication descriptions included all standard information on the medications from the latter 2 websites. 	 METHODS
All textual data were inductively coded for medication effects, and intercoder agreement was assessed. 	 METHODS
Chi-square was used to test for associations between consumer-reported effects and website origination. 	 METHODS
Consumers taking either escitalopram (n = 480) or quetiapine (n = 480) most frequently reported symptom improvement (30.4% or 146/480, 24.8% or 119/480) or symptom worsening (15.8% or 76/480, 10.2% or 49/480), changes in sleep (36% or 173/480, 60.6% or 291/480) and changes in weight and appetite (22.5% or 108/480, 30.8% or 148/480). 	 RESULTS
More consumers posting reviews on consumer-generated rather than professionally controlled websites reported symptom worsening on quetiapine (17.3% or 38/220 versus 5% or 11/220, P < .001), while more consumers posting on professionally controlled websites reported symptom improvement (32.7% or 72/220 versus 21.4% or 47/220, P = .008). 	 RESULTS
Professional descriptions more frequently listed physical adverse effects and warnings about suicidal ideation while consumer reviews emphasized effects disrupting daily routines and provided richer descriptions of effects in context. 	 RESULTS
The most recent 20 consumer reviews on each drug from each website (n = 80) were comparable to the full sample of reviews in the frequency of commonly reported effects. 	 RESULTS
Consumer reviews and professional medication descriptions generally reported similar effects of two psychotropic medications but differed in their descriptions and in frequency of reporting. 	 CONCLUSION
Professional medication descriptions offer the advantage of a concise yet comprehensive listing of drug effects, while consumer reviews offer greater context and situational examples of how effects may manifest in various combinations and to varying degrees. 	 CONCLUSION
The dispersion of consumer reviews across websites limits their integration, but a brief browsing strategy on the two target medications nonetheless retrieved representative consumer content. 	 CONCLUSION
Current strategies for filtering online health searches to return only trusted or approved websites may inappropriately address the challenge to identify quality health sources on the Internet because such strategies unduly limit access to an entire complementary source for health information. 	 CONCLUSION
Multiple studies have been carried out to assess the effect of zinc supplementation on children's growth. 	 BACKGROUND
The results of these studies are inconsistent, and the factors responsible for these varied outcomes are unknown. 	 BACKGROUND
Meta-analyses of randomized controlled intervention trials were therefore completed to assess the effect of zinc supplementation on the physical growth and serum zinc concentrations of prepubertal children. 	 OBJECTIVE
A total of 33 acceptable studies with appropriate data were identified by MEDLINE (National Library of Medicine, Bethesda, MD) searches and other methods. 	 DESIGN
Weighted mean effect sizes (expressed in SD units) were calculated for changes in height, weight, weight-for-height, and serum zinc concentration by using random-effects models; factors associated with effect sizes were explored by meta-regression techniques. 	 DESIGN
Zinc supplementation produced highly significant, positive responses in height and weight increments, with effect sizes of 0.350 (95% CI: 0.189, 0.511) and 0.309 (0.178, 0.439), respectively. 	 RESULTS
There was no significant effect of zinc on weight-for-height indexes [weighted mean effect size: -0.018 (-0.132, 0.097)]. 	 RESULTS
Zinc supplementation caused a large increase in the children's serum zinc concentrations, with an effect size of 0.820 (0.499, 1.14). 	 RESULTS
Growth responses were greater in children with low initial weight-for-age z scores and in those aged >6 mo with low initial height-for-age z scores. 	 RESULTS
Interventions to improve children's zinc nutriture should be considered in populations at risk of zinc deficiency, especially where there are elevated rates of underweight or stunting. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The population mean serum zinc concentration is a useful indicator of the successful delivery and absorption of zinc supplements in children. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The present study aimed to investigate the relationship between advanced glycation end-product accumulation and skeletal muscle mass among middle-aged and older Japanese men and women. 	 AIM
A total of 132 participants enrolled in this cross-sectional study. 	 METHODS
Skin autofluorescence was assessed as a measure of advanced glycation-end products. 	 METHODS
Appendicular skeletal muscle mass was measured using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, and skeletal muscle index was calculated by dividing appendicular skeletal muscle mass by height squared. 	 METHODS
Participants were divided into two groups (low skeletal muscle index and normal skeletal muscle index) using the Asian Working Group for Sarcopenia's skeletal muscle index criteria for diagnosing sarcopenia. 	 METHODS
Multivariate logistic regression analysis and the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve were used to determine significant factors associated with low skeletal muscle index. 	 METHODS
Participants consisted of 70 men (mean age 57 ± 10 years) and 62 women (mean age 60 ± 11 years). 	 RESULTS
There were 31 and 101 participants in the low and normal skeletal muscle index groups, respectively. 	 RESULTS
Skin autofluorescence was significantly higher in the low skeletal muscle index group compared with the normal skeletal muscle index group (P < 0.01). 	 RESULTS
Skin autofluorescence was a significant independent factor associated with low skeletal muscle index based on multivariate logistic regression analysis (odds ratio 15.7, 95% confidence interval 1.85-133.01; P = 0.012). 	 RESULTS
The cut-off for skin autofluorescence was 2.45 arbitrary units, with a sensitivity of 0.75 and specificity of 0.91. 	 RESULTS
Skin autofluorescence was an independent factor associated with low skeletal muscle index among middle-aged and older Japanese men and women. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Geriatr Gerontol Int 2017; 17: 785-790. 	 CONCLUSIONS
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a leading cause of chronic liver disease and is closely associated with metabolic syndrome. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In the present study, we observed the effect of ethanol extract of Allium fistulosum (EAF) on NAFLD and have suggested the possibility of using EAF as a natural product for application in the development of a treatment for NAFLD. 	 CONCLUSIONS
MATERIALS/METHODS The preventive effect on hepatic lipid accumulation was estimated by using an oleic acid (OA)-induced NAFLD model in vitro and a Western diet (high-fat high-sucrose; WD)-induced obese mouse model. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Animals were divided into three groups (n = 7): normal diet group (ND), WD group, and WD plus 1% EAF group. 	 CONCLUSIONS
reduced OA-stimulated lipid accumulation in HepG2 cells in the absence of cellular cytotoxicity and significantly blocked transcriptional activation of sterol regulatory element-binding protein 1 and fatty acid synthase genes. 	 RESULTS EAF
Subsequently, we investigated these effects in vivo in mice fed either ND or WD in the presence or absence of EAF supplementation. 	 RESULTS EAF
In comparison to the ND controls, the WD-fed mice exhibited increases in body weight, liver weight, epididymal fat weight, and accumulation of fat in hepatocytes, and these effects were significantly attenuated by EAF supplementation. 	 RESULTS EAF
Allium fistulosum attenuates the development of NAFLD, and EAF elicits anti-lipogenic activity in liver. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Therefore, EAF represents a promising candidate for use in the development of novel therapeutic drugs or drug combinations for the prevention and treatment of NAFLD. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Exposure to cardiovascular risk factors during childhood and adolescence may be associated with the development of atherosclerosis later in life. 	 CONTEXT
To study the relationship between cardiovascular risk factors measured in childhood and adolescence and common carotid artery intima-media thickness (IMT), a marker of preclinical atherosclerosis, measured in adulthood. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Population-based, prospective cohort study conducted at 5 centers in Finland among 2229 white adults aged 24 to 39 years who were examined in childhood and adolescence at ages 3 to 18 years in 1980 and reexamined 21 years later, between September 2001 and January 2002. 	 OBJECTIVE
Association between cardiovascular risk variables (levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol [LDL-C], high-density lipoprotein cholesterol [HDL-C], and triglycerides; LDL-C/HDL-C ratio; systolic and diastolic blood pressure; body mass index; smoking) measured in childhood and adulthood and common carotid artery IMT measured in adulthood. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
In multivariable models adjusted for age and sex, IMT in adulthood was significantly associated with childhood LDL-C levels (P =.001), systolic blood pressure (P<.001), body mass index (P =.007), and smoking (P =.02), and with adult systolic blood pressure (P<.001), body mass index (P<.001), and smoking (P =.004). 	 RESULTS
The number of risk factors measured in 12- to 18-year-old adolescents, including high levels (ie, extreme age- and sex-specific 80th percentile) of LDL-C, systolic blood pressure, body mass index, and cigarette smoking, were directly related to carotid IMT measured in young adults at ages 33 through 39 years (P<.001 for both men and women), and remained significant after adjustment for contemporaneous risk variables. 	 RESULTS
The number of risk factors measured at ages 3 to 9 years demonstrated a weak direct relationship with carotid IMT at ages 24 to 30 years in men (P =.02) but not in women (P =.63). 	 RESULTS
Risk factor profile assessed in 12- to 18-year-old adolescents predicts adult common carotid artery IMT independently of contemporaneous risk factors. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These findings suggest that exposure to cardiovascular risk factors early in life may induce changes in arteries that contribute to the development of atherosclerosis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The antioxidant acetylcysteine prevents acute contrast nephrotoxicity in patients with impaired renal function who undergo computed tomography scanning. 	 CONTEXT
However, its role in coronary angiography is unclear. 	 CONTEXT
To determine whether oral acetylcysteine prevents acute deterioration in renal function in patients with moderate renal insufficiency who undergo elective coronary angiography. 	 OBJECTIVE
Prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial conducted from May 2000 to December 2001 at the Grantham Hospital at the University of Hong Kong. 	 DESIGN AND SETTING
Two hundred Chinese patients aged mean (SD) 68 (6.5) years with stable moderate renal insufficiency (creatinine clearance <60 mL/min [1.00 mL/s]) who were undergoing elective coronary angiography with or without intervention. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Participants were randomly assigned to receive oral acetylcysteine(600 mg twice per day; n = 102) or matching placebo tablets (n = 98) on the day before and the day of angiography. 	 INTERVENTION
All patients received low-osmolality contrast agent. 	 INTERVENTION
Occurrence of more than a 25% increase in serum creatinine level within 48 hours after contrast administration; change in creatinine clearance and serum creatinine level. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Twelve control patients (12%) and 4 acetylcysteine patients (4%) developed a more than 25% increase in serum creatinine level within 48 hours after contrast administration (relative risk, 0.32; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.10-0.96; P =.03). 	 RESULTS
Serum creatinine was lower in the acetylcysteine group (1.22 mg/dL [107.8 micromol/L]; 95% CI, 1.11-1.33 mg/dL vs 1.38 mg/dL [122.9 micromol/L]; 95% CI, 1.27-1.49 mg/dL; P =.006) during the first 48 hours after angiography. 	 RESULTS
Acetylcysteine treatment significantly increased creatinine clearance from 44.8 mL/min (0.75 mL/s) (95% CI, 42.7-47.6 mL/min) to 58.9 mL/min (0.98 mL/s) (95% CI, 55.6-62.3 mL/min) 2 days after the contrast administration (P<.001). 	 RESULTS
The increase was not significant in the control group (from 42.1 to 44.1 mL/min [0.70 to 0.74 mL/s]; P =.15). 	 RESULTS
The benefit of acetylcysteine was consistent among various patient subgroups and persistent for at least 7 days. 	 RESULTS
There were no major treatment-related adverse events. 	 RESULTS
Acetylcysteine protects patients with moderate chronic renal insufficiency from contrast-induced deterioration in renal function after coronary angiographic procedures, with minimal adverse effects and at a low cost. 	 CONCLUSION
Recent animal studies have found that 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) lipid-lowering drugs (statins) substantially increase bone formation, but whether statin use in humans results in clinically meaningful bone formation or a reduction in the risk of osteoporotic fractures is not known. 	 CONTEXT
To determine whether the use of statins is associated with reduced hip fracture risk. 	 OBJECTIVE
Case-control study. 	 DESIGN
A total of 6110 New Jersey residents aged 65 years or older and enrolled in Medicare and either Medicaid or the Pharmacy Assistance for the Aged and Disabled program. 	 SETTING AND PATIENTS
Case patients (n=1222) underwent surgical repair of a hip fracture in 1994. 	 SETTING AND PATIENTS
Control patients (n=4888) were identified at a ratio of 4:1 and frequency-matched to case patients for age and sex. 	 SETTING AND PATIENTS
Adjusted odds ratio (OR) of hip fracture by statin use in the 180 days and 3 years prior to the index date (the earliest date of admission for surgery), adjusted for demographic and clinical characteristics and health care utilization. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
Use of statins in either the prior 180 days (adjusted OR, 0.50; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.33-0.76) or prior 3 years (adjusted OR, 0.57; 95% CI, 0.40-0.82) was associated with a significant reduction in the risk of hip fracture, even after controlling for variables such as race, insurance status, psychoactive medications, estrogen and thiazide use, ischemic heart disease, cancer, and diabetes mellitus. 	 RESULTS
No significant relationship was observed between use of nonstatin lipid-lowering agents and hip fracture risk. 	 RESULTS
Clear relationships were observed between the degree of reduction in hip fracture risk and the extent of statin use; there was no evidence of such relationships with nonstatin lipid-lowering agents. 	 RESULTS
After adjusting for extent of statin use in the prior 3 years, current use (on the index date) was associated with a 71% reduction in risk (adjusted OR, 0.29; 95% CI, 0.10-0.81). 	 RESULTS
The relationship between statin use and hip fracture risk persisted after controlling for variables such as the number of medications, the Charlson comorbidity index score, and hospitalization or nursing home stay in the last 180 days, as well as after excluding patients who were in a nursing home prior to their index date or who died in the year after their index date. 	 RESULTS
Use of nonstatin lipid-lowering agents was not observed to be associated with reduction in hip fracture risk in any of these alternative models or analyses. 	 RESULTS
These findings support an association between statin use by elderly patients and reduction in the risk of hip fracture. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Controlled trials are needed to exclude the possibility of unmeasured confounders. 	 CONCLUSIONS
JAMA. 	 CONCLUSIONS
2000;283:3211-3216 	 CONCLUSIONS
Resistance to radiotherapy continues to be a limiting factor in the treatment of cancer including head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC). 	 BACKGROUND
Simultaneous targeting of β1 integrin and EGFR was shown to have a higher radiosensitizing potential than mono-targeting in the majority of tested HNSCC cancer models. 	 BACKGROUND
As tumor-initiating cells (TIC) are thought to play a key role for therapy resistance and recurrence and can be enriched in sphere forming conditions, this study investigated the efficacy of β1 integrin/EGFR targeting without and in combination with X-ray irradiation on the behavior of sphere-forming cells (SFC). 	 BACKGROUND
cell lines (UTSCC15, UTSCC5, Cal33, SAS) were injected subcutaneously into nude mice for tumor up-take and plated for primary and secondary sphere formation under non-adhesive conditions which is thought to reflect the enrichment of SFC and their self-renewal capacity, respectively. 	 METHODS HNSCC
Treatment was accomplished by inhibitory antibodies for β1 integrin (AIIB2) and EGFR (Cetuximab) as well as X-ray irradiation (2 - 6 Gy single doses). 	 METHODS HNSCC
Further, flow cytometry for TIC marker expression and cell cycling as well as Western blotting for DNA repair protein expression and phosphorylation were employed. 	 METHODS HNSCC
We found higher primary and secondary sphere forming capacity of SAS cells relative to other HNSCC cell lines, which was in line with the tumor up-take rates of SAS versus UTSCC15 cells. 	 RESULTS
AIIB2 and Cetuximab administration had minor cytotoxic and no radiosensitizing effects on SFC. 	 RESULTS
Intriguingly, secondary SAS spheres, representing the fraction of surviving SFC upon passaging, showed greatly enhanced radiosensitivity compared to primary spheres. 	 RESULTS
Intriguingly, neither AIIB2 nor Cetuximab significantly altered basal sphere forming capacity and radiosensitivity. 	 RESULTS
While an increased accumulation of G0/G1 phase cells was observable in secondary SAS spheres, DNA double strand break repair indicated no difference on the basis of significantly enhanced ATM and Chk2 dephosphorylation upon irradiation. 	 RESULTS
In the HNSCC model, sphere-forming conditions select for cells, which are unsusceptible to both anti-β1 integrin and anti-EGFR inhibitory antibodies. 	 CONCLUSIONS
With regard to primary and secondary sphere formation, our data suggest that both of these SFC fractions express distinct survival strategies independent from β1 integrin and EGFR and that future work is warranted to better understand SFC survival and enrichment before and after treatment to untangle the underlying mechanisms for identifying novel, druggable cancer targets in SFC. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To examine the effect of routinely administered psychiatric questionnaires on the recognition, management, and outcome of psychiatric disorders in non-psychiatric settings. 	 OBJECTIVES
Embase, Medline, PsycLIT, Cinahl, Cochrane Controlled Trials Register, and hand searches of key journals. 	 DATA SOURCES
A systematic review of randomised controlled trials of the administration and routine feedback of psychiatric screening and outcome questionnaires to clinicians in non-psychiatric settings. 	 METHODS
Narrative overview of key design features and end points, together with a random effects quantitative synthesis of comparable studies. 	 METHODS
Recognition of psychiatric disorders after feedback of questionnaire results; interventions for psychiatric disorders; and outcome of psychiatric disorders. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Nine randomised studies were identified that examined the use of common psychiatric instruments in primary care and general hospital settings. 	 RESULTS
Studies compared the effect of the administration of these instruments followed by the feedback of the results to clinicians, with administration with no feedback. 	 RESULTS
Meta-analytic pooling was possible for four of these studies (2457 participants), which measured the effect of feedback on the recognition of depressive disorders. 	 RESULTS
Routine administration and feedback of scores for all patients (irrespective of score) did not increase the overall rate of recognition of mental disorders such as anxiety and depression (relative risk of detection of depression by clinician after feedback 0.95, 95% confidence interval 0.83 to 1.09). 	 RESULTS
Two studies showed that routine administration followed by selective feedback for only high scorers increased the rate of recognition of depression (relative risk of detection of depression after feedback 2.64, 1.62 to 4.31). 	 RESULTS
This increased recognition, however, did not translate into an increased rate of intervention. 	 RESULTS
Overall, studies of routine administration of psychiatric measures did not show an effect on patient outcome. 	 RESULTS
The routine measurement of outcome is a costly exercise. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Little evidence shows that it is of benefit in improving psychosocial outcomes of those with psychiatric disorder managed in non-psychiatric settings. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Relapse to cocaine seeking has been linked with low glutamate in the nucleus accumbens core (NAcore) causing potentiation of synaptic glutamate transmission from prefrontal cortex (PFC) afferents. 	 BACKGROUND
Systemic N-acetylcysteine (NAC) has been shown to restore glutamate homeostasis, reduce relapse to cocaine seeking, and depotentiate PFC-NAcore synapses. 	 BACKGROUND
Here, we examine the effects of NAC applied directly to the NAcore on relapse and neurotransmission in PFC-NAcore synapses, as well as the involvement of the metabotropic glutamate receptors 2/3 (mGluR2/3) and 5 (mGluR5). 	 BACKGROUND
Rats were trained to self-administer cocaine for 2 weeks and following extinction received either intra-accumbens NAC or systemic NAC 30 or 120 minutes, respectively, before inducing reinstatement with a conditioned cue or a combined cue and cocaine injection. 	 METHODS
We also recorded postsynaptic currents using in vitro whole cell recordings in acute slices and measured cystine and glutamate uptake in primary glial cultures. 	 METHODS
microinjection into the NAcore inhibited the reinstatement of cocaine seeking. 	 RESULTS NAC
In slices, a low concentration of NAC reduced the amplitude of evoked glutamatergic synaptic currents in the NAcore in an mGluR2/3-dependent manner, while high doses of NAC increased amplitude in an mGluR5-dependent manner. 	 RESULTS NAC
Both effects depended on NAC uptake through cysteine transporters and activity of the cysteine/glutamate exchanger. 	 RESULTS NAC
Finally, we showed that by blocking mGluR5 the inhibition of cocaine seeking by NAC was potentiated. 	 RESULTS NAC
The effect of NAC on relapse to cocaine seeking depends on the balance between stimulating mGluR2/3 and mGluR5 in the NAcore, and the efficacy of NAC can be improved by simultaneously inhibiting mGluR5. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Historically, the main focus of studies of childhood mortality has been the infant and under-five mortality rates. 	 BACKGROUND
Neonatal mortality (deaths <28 days of age) has received limited attention, although such deaths account for about 41% of all child deaths. 	 BACKGROUND
To better assess progress, we developed annual estimates for neonatal mortality rates (NMRs) and neonatal deaths for 193 countries for the period 1990-2009 with forecasts into the future. 	 BACKGROUND
We compiled a database of mortality in neonates and children (<5 years) comprising 3,551 country-years of information. 	 METHODS
Reliable civil registration data from 1990 to 2009 were available for 38 countries. 	 METHODS
A statistical model was developed to estimate NMRs for the remaining 155 countries, 17 of which had no national data. 	 METHODS
Country consultation was undertaken to identify data inputs and review estimates. 	 METHODS
In 2009, an estimated 3.3 million babies died in the first month of life-compared with 4.6 million neonatal deaths in 1990-and more than half of all neonatal deaths occurred in five countries of the world (44% of global livebirths): India 27.8% (19.6% of global livebirths), Nigeria 7.2% (4.5%), Pakistan 6.9% (4.0%), China 6.4% (13.4%), and Democratic Republic of the Congo 4.6% (2.1%). 	 RESULTS
Between 1990 and 2009, the global NMR declined by 28% from 33.2 deaths per 1,000 livebirths to 23.9. 	 RESULTS
The proportion of child deaths that are in the neonatal period increased in all regions of the world, and globally is now 41%. 	 RESULTS
While NMRs were halved in some regions of the world, Africa's NMR only dropped 17.6% (43.6 to 35.9). 	 RESULTS
Neonatal mortality has declined in all world regions. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Progress has been slowest in the regions with high NMRs. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Global health programs need to address neonatal deaths more effectively if Millennium Development Goal 4 (two-thirds reduction in child mortality) is to be achieved. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Although studies have provided estimates of premature deaths attributable to either heat or cold in selected countries, none has so far offered a systematic assessment across the whole temperature range in populations exposed to different climates. 	 BACKGROUND
We aimed to quantify the total mortality burden attributable to non-optimum ambient temperature, and the relative contributions from heat and cold and from moderate and extreme temperatures. 	 BACKGROUND
We collected data for 384 locations in Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Taiwan, Thailand, UK, and USA. 	 METHODS
We fitted a standard time-series Poisson model for each location, controlling for trends and day of the week. 	 METHODS
We estimated temperature-mortality associations with a distributed lag non-linear model with 21 days of lag, and then pooled them in a multivariate metaregression that included country indicators and temperature average and range. 	 METHODS
We calculated attributable deaths for heat and cold, defined as temperatures above and below the optimum temperature, which corresponded to the point of minimum mortality, and for moderate and extreme temperatures, defined using cutoffs at the 2·5th and 97·5th temperature percentiles. 	 METHODS
We analysed 74,225,200 deaths in various periods between 1985 and 2012. 	 FINDINGS
In total, 7·71% (95% empirical CI 7·43-7·91) of mortality was attributable to non-optimum temperature in the selected countries within the study period, with substantial differences between countries, ranging from 3·37% (3·06 to 3·63) in Thailand to 11·00% (9·29 to 12·47) in China. 	 FINDINGS
The temperature percentile of minimum mortality varied from roughly the 60th percentile in tropical areas to about the 80-90th percentile in temperate regions. 	 FINDINGS
More temperature-attributable deaths were caused by cold (7·29%, 7·02-7·49) than by heat (0·42%, 0·39-0·44). 	 FINDINGS
Extreme cold and hot temperatures were responsible for 0·86% (0·84-0·87) of total mortality. 	 FINDINGS
Most of the temperature-related mortality burden was attributable to the contribution of cold. 	 INTERPRETATION
The effect of days of extreme temperature was substantially less than that attributable to milder but non-optimum weather. 	 INTERPRETATION
This evidence has important implications for the planning of public-health interventions to minimise the health consequences of adverse temperatures, and for predictions of future effect in climate-change scenarios. 	 INTERPRETATION
UK Medical Research Council. 	 FUNDING
The overexpression of human epidermal growth factor receptor (HER)-2 in 20% of human breast cancers and its association with aggressive growth has led to widespread use of HER2-targeted therapies, such as trastuzumab (T) and lapatinib (L). 	 INTRODUCTION
Despite the success of these drugs, their efficacy is limited in patients whose tumors demonstrate de novo or acquired resistance to treatment. 	 INTRODUCTION
The β1 integrin resides on the membrane of the breast cancer cell, activating several elements of breast tumor progression including proliferation and survival. 	 INTRODUCTION
We developed a panel of HER2-overexpressing cell lines resistant to L, T, and the potent LT combination through long-term exposure and validated these models in 3D culture. 	 METHODS
Parental and L/T/LT-resistant cells were subject to HER2 and β1 integrin inhibitors in 3D and monitored for 12 days, followed by quantification of colony number. 	 METHODS
Parallel experiments were conducted where cells were either stained for Ki-67 and Terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase dUTP nick end labeling (TUNEL) or harvested for protein and analyzed by immunoblot. 	 METHODS
Results were subjected to statistical testing using analysis of variance and linear contrasts, followed by adjustment with the Sidak method. 	 METHODS
Using multiple cell lines including BT474 and HCC1954, we reveal that in L and LT resistance, where phosphorylation of EGFR/HER1, HER2, and HER3 are strongly inhibited, kinases downstream of β1 integrin--including focal adhesion kinase (FAK) and Src--are up-regulated. 	 RESULTS
Blockade of β1 by the antibody AIIB2 abrogates this up-regulation and functionally achieves significant growth inhibition of L and LT resistant cells in 3D, without dramatically affecting the parental cells. 	 RESULTS
SiRNA against β1 as well as pharmacologic inhibition of FAK achieve the same growth inhibitory effect. 	 RESULTS
In contrast, trastuzumab-resistant cells, which retain high levels of phosphorylated EGFR/HER1, HER2, and HER3, are only modestly growth-inhibited by AIIB2. 	 RESULTS
Our data suggest that HER2 activity, which is suppressed in resistance involving L but not T alone, dictates whether β1 mediates an alternative pathway driving resistance. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Our findings justify clinical studies investigating the inhibition of β1 or its downstream signaling moieties as strategies to overcome acquired L and LT resistance. 	 CONCLUSIONS
High body-mass index (BMI) predisposes to several site-specific cancers, but a large-scale systematic and detailed characterisation of patterns of risk across all common cancers adjusted for potential confounders has not previously been undertaken. 	 BACKGROUND
We aimed to investigate the links between BMI and the most common site-specific cancers. 	 BACKGROUND
With primary care data from individuals in the Clinical Practice Research Datalink with BMI data, we fitted Cox models to investigate associations between BMI and 22 of the most common cancers, adjusting for potential confounders. 	 METHODS
We fitted linear then non-linear (spline) models; investigated effect modification by sex, menopausal status, smoking, and age; and calculated population effects. 	 METHODS
5·24 million individuals were included; 166,955 developed cancers of interest. 	 FINDINGS
was associated with 17 of 22 cancers, but effects varied substantially by site. 	 BMI
Each 5 kg/m(2) increase in BMI was roughly linearly associated with cancers of the uterus (hazard ratio [HR] 1·62, 99% CI 1·56-1·69; p<0·0001), gallbladder (1·31, 1·12-1·52; p<0·0001), kidney (1·25, 1·17-1·33; p<0·0001), cervix (1·10, 1·03-1·17; p=0·00035), thyroid (1·09, 1·00-1·19; p=0·0088), and leukaemia (1·09, 1·05-1·13; p≤0·0001). 	 BMI
or individual-level characteristics. 	 BMI
We estimated inverse associations with prostate and premenopausal breast cancer risk, both overall (prostate 0·98, 0·95-1·00; premenopausal breast cancer 0·89, 0·86-0·92) and in never-smokers (prostate 0·96, 0·93-0·99; premenopausal breast cancer 0·89, 0·85-0·94). 	 BMI
By contrast, for lung and oral cavity cancer, we observed no association in never smokers (lung 0·99, 0·93-1·05; oral cavity 1·07, 0·91-1·26): inverse associations overall were driven by current smokers and ex-smokers, probably because of residual confounding by smoking amount. 	 BMI
Assuming causality, 41% of uterine and 10% or more of gallbladder, kidney, liver, and colon cancers could be attributable to excess weight. 	 BMI
We estimated that a 1 kg/m(2) population-wide increase in BMI would result in 3790 additional annual UK patients developing one of the ten cancers positively associated with BMI. 	 BMI
is associated with cancer risk, with substantial population-level effects. 	 INTERPRETATION BMI
The heterogeneity in the effects suggests that different mechanisms are associated with different cancer sites and different patient subgroups. 	 INTERPRETATION BMI
National Institute for Health Research, Wellcome Trust, and Medical Research Council. 	 FUNDING
Clonal competition in cancer describes the process in which the progeny of a cell clone supersedes or succumbs to other competing clones due to differences in their functional characteristics, mostly based on subsequently acquired mutations. 	 BACKGROUND
Even though the patterns of those mutations are well explored in many tumors, the dynamical process of clonal selection is underexposed. 	 BACKGROUND
We studied the dynamics of clonal competition in a BcrAbl-induced leukemia using a γ-retroviral vector library encoding the oncogene in conjunction with genetic barcodes. 	 METHODS
To this end, we studied the growth dynamics of transduced cells on the clonal level both in vitro and in vivo in transplanted mice. 	 METHODS
While we detected moderate changes in clonal abundancies in vitro, we observed monoclonal leukemias in 6/30 mice after transplantation, which intriguingly were caused by only two different BcrAbl clones. 	 RESULTS
To analyze the success of these clones, we applied a mathematical model of hematopoietic tissue maintenance, which indicated that a differential engraftment capacity of these two dominant clones provides a possible explanation of our observations. 	 RESULTS
These findings were further supported by additional transplantation experiments and increased BcrAbl transcript levels in both clones. 	 RESULTS
Our findings show that clonal competition is not an absolute process based on mutations, but highly dependent on selection mechanisms in a given environmental context. 	 CONCLUSION
A frequent problem in computational modeling is the interconversion of chemical structures between different formats. 	 BACKGROUND
While standard interchange formats exist (for example, Chemical Markup Language) and de facto standards have arisen (for example, SMILES format) 	 BACKGROUND
, the need to interconvert formats is a continuing problem due to the multitude of different application areas for chemistry data, differences in the data stored by different formats (0D versus 3D, for example), and competition between software along with a lack of vendor-neutral formats. 	 BACKGROUND
We discuss, for the first time, Open Babel, an open-source chemical toolbox that speaks the many languages of chemical data. 	 RESULTS
Open Babel version 2.3 interconverts over 110 formats. 	 RESULTS
The need to represent such a wide variety of chemical and molecular data requires a library that implements a wide range of cheminformatics algorithms, from partial charge assignment and aromaticity detection, to bond order perception and canonicalization. 	 RESULTS
We detail the implementation of Open Babel, describe key advances in the 2.3 release, and outline a variety of uses both in terms of software products and scientific research, including applications far beyond simple format interconversion. 	 RESULTS
Open Babel presents a solution to the proliferation of multiple chemical file formats. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In addition, it provides a variety of useful utilities from conformer searching and 2D depiction, to filtering, batch conversion, and substructure and similarity searching. 	 CONCLUSIONS
For developers, it can be used as a programming library to handle chemical data in areas such as organic chemistry, drug design, materials science, and computational chemistry. 	 CONCLUSIONS
It is freely available under an open-source license from http://openbabel.org. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection is the strongest risk factor for developing tuberculosis and has fuelled its resurgence, especially in sub-Saharan Africa. 	 BACKGROUND
In 2010, there were an estimated 1.1 million incident cases of tuberculosis among the 34 million people living with HIV worldwide. 	 BACKGROUND
Antiretroviral therapy has substantial potential to prevent HIV-associated tuberculosis. 	 BACKGROUND
We conducted a systematic review of studies that analysed the impact of antiretroviral therapy on the incidence of tuberculosis in adults with HIV infection. 	 BACKGROUND
PubMed, Embase, African Index Medicus, LILACS, and clinical trial registries were systematically searched. 	 METHODS
Randomised controlled trials, prospective cohort studies, and retrospective cohort studies were included if they compared tuberculosis incidence by antiretroviral therapy status in HIV-infected adults for a median of over 6 mo in developing countries. 	 METHODS
For the meta-analyses there were four categories based on CD4 counts at antiretroviral therapy initiation: (1) less than 200 cells/µl, (2) 200 to 350 cells/µl, (3) greater than 350 cells/µl, and (4) any CD4 count. 	 METHODS
Eleven studies met the inclusion criteria. 	 METHODS
Antiretroviral therapy is strongly associated with a reduction in the incidence of tuberculosis in all baseline CD4 count categories: (1) less than 200 cells/µl (hazard ratio [HR] 0.16, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.07 to 0.36), (2) 200 to 350 cells/µl (HR 0.34, 95% CI 0.19 to 0.60), (3) greater than 350 cells/µl (HR 0.43, 95% CI 0.30 to 0.63), and (4) any CD4 count (HR 0.35, 95% CI 0.28 to 0.44). 	 RESULTS
There was no evidence of hazard ratio modification with respect to baseline CD4 count category (p = 0.20). 	 RESULTS
Antiretroviral therapy is strongly associated with a reduction in the incidence of tuberculosis across all CD4 count strata. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Earlier initiation of antiretroviral therapy may be a key component of global and national strategies to control the HIV-associated tuberculosis syndemic. 	 CONCLUSIONS
International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews CRD42011001209 Please see later in the article for the Editors' Summary. 	 REVIEW REGISTRATION
We recently demonstrated that primitive neural crest-derived (NC) cells migrate from the cardiac neural crest during embryonic development and remain in the heart as dormant stem cells, with the capacity to differentiate into various cell types, including cardiomyocytes. 	 OBJECTIVE
Here, we examined the migration and differentiation potential of these cells on myocardial infarction (MI). 	 OBJECTIVE
We obtained double-transgenic mice by crossing protein-0 promoter-Cre mice with Floxed-enhanced green fluorescent protein mice, in which the NC cells express enhanced green fluorescent protein. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
In the neonatal heart, NC stem cells (NCSCs) were localized predominantly in the outflow tract, but they were also distributed in a gradient from base to apex throughout the ventricular myocardium. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Time-lapse video analysis revealed that the NCSCs were migratory. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Some NCSCs persisted in the adult heart. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
On MI, NCSCs accumulated at the ischemic border zone area (BZA), which expresses monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Ex vivo cell migration assays demonstrated that MCP-1 induced NCSC migration and that this chemotactic effect was significantly depressed by an anti-MCP-1 antibody. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Small NC cardiomyocytes first appeared in the BZA 2 weeks post-MI and gradually increased in number thereafter. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
These results suggested that NCSCs migrate into the BZA via MCP-1/CCR2 signaling and contribute to the provision of cardiomyocytes for cardiac regeneration after MI. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Hepatitis C virus (HCV) is estimated to affect 130-180 million people worldwide. 	 BACKGROUND
Although its origin is unknown, patterns of viral diversity suggest that HCV genotype 1 probably originated from West Africa. 	 BACKGROUND
Previous attempts to estimate the spatiotemporal parameters of the virus, both globally and regionally, have suggested that epidemic HCV transmission began in 1900 and grew steadily until the late 1980s. 	 BACKGROUND
However, epidemiological data suggest that the expansion of HCV may have occurred after the Second World War. 	 BACKGROUND
The aim of our study was to elucidate the timescale and route of the global spread of HCV. 	 BACKGROUND
We show that the rarely sequenced HCV region (E2P7NS2) is more informative for molecular epidemiology studies than the more commonly used NS5B region. 	 METHODS
We applied phylodynamic methods to a substantial set of new E2P7NS2 and NS5B sequences, together with all available global HCV sequences with information in both of these genomic regions, in order to estimate the timescale and nature of the global expansion of the most prevalent HCV subtypes, 1a and 1b. 	 METHODS
We showed that transmission of subtypes 1a and 1b "exploded" between 1940 and 1980, with the spread of 1b preceding that of 1a by at least 16 y (95% confidence interval 15-17). 	 RESULTS
Phylogeographic analysis of all available NS5B sequences suggests that HCV subtypes 1a and 1b disseminated from the developed world to the developing countries. 	 RESULTS
The evolutionary rate of HCV appears faster than previously suggested. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The global spread of HCV coincided with the widespread use of transfused blood and blood products and with the expansion of intravenous drug use but slowed prior to the wide implementation of anti-HCV screening. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Differences in the transmission routes associated with subtypes 1a and 1b provide an explanation of the relatively earlier expansion of 1b. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Our data show that the most plausible route of the HCV dispersal was from developed countries to the developing world. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Please see later in the article for the Editors' Summary. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Smoking is the leading preventable cause of illness and premature death worldwide. 	 BACKGROUND
Some medications have been proven to help people to quit, with three licensed for this purpose in Europe and the USA: nicotine replacement therapy (NRT), bupropion, and varenicline. 	 BACKGROUND
Cytisine (a treatment pharmacologically similar to varenicline) is also licensed for use in Russia and some of the former socialist economy countries. 	 BACKGROUND
Other therapies, including nortriptyline, have also been tested for effectiveness. 	 BACKGROUND
How do NRT, bupropion and varenicline compare with placebo and with each other in achieving long-term abstinence (six months or longer)? 	 OBJECTIVES
How do the remaining treatments compare with placebo in achieving long-term abstinence? 	 OBJECTIVES
How do the risks of adverse and serious adverse events (SAEs) compare between the treatments, and are there instances where the harms may outweigh the benefits? 	 OBJECTIVES
The overview is restricted to Cochrane reviews, all of which include randomised trials. 	 METHODS
Participants are usually adult smokers, but we exclude reviews of smoking cessation for pregnant women and in particular disease groups or specific settings. 	 METHODS
We cover nicotine replacement therapy (NRT), antidepressants (bupropion and nortriptyline), nicotine receptor partial agonists (varenicline and cytisine), anxiolytics, selective type 1 cannabinoid receptor antagonists (rimonabant), clonidine, lobeline, dianicline, mecamylamine, Nicobrevin, opioid antagonists, nicotine vaccines, and silver acetate. 	 METHODS
Our outcome for benefit is continuous or prolonged abstinence at least six months from the start of treatment. 	 METHODS
Our outcome for harms is the incidence of serious adverse events associated with each of the treatments. 	 METHODS
We searched the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews (CDSR) in The Cochrane Library, for any reviews with 'smoking' in the title, abstract or keyword fields. 	 METHODS
The last search was conducted in November 2012. 	 METHODS
We assessed methodological quality using a revised version of the AMSTAR scale. 	 METHODS
For NRT, bupropion and varenicline we conducted network meta-analyses, comparing each with the others and with placebo for benefit, and varenicline and bupropion for risks of serious adverse events. 	 METHODS
We identified 12 treatment-specific reviews. 	 MAIN RESULTS
The analyses covered 267 studies, involving 101,804 participants. 	 MAIN RESULTS
Both NRT and bupropion were superior to placebo (odds ratios (OR) 1.84; 95% credible interval (CredI) 1.71 to 1.99, and 1.82; 95% CredI 1.60 to 2.06 respectively). 	 MAIN RESULTS
Varenicline increased the odds of quitting compared with placebo (OR 2.88; 95% CredI 2.40 to 3.47). 	 MAIN RESULTS
Head-to-head comparisons between bupropion and NRT showed equal efficacy (OR 0.99; 95% CredI 0.86 to 1.13). 	 MAIN RESULTS
Varenicline was superior to single forms of NRT (OR 1.57; 95% CredI 1.29 to 1.91), and to bupropion (OR 1.59; 95% CredI 1.29 to 1.96). 	 MAIN RESULTS
Varenicline was more effective than nicotine patch (OR 1.51; 95% CredI 1.22 to 1.87), than nicotine gum (OR 1.72; 95% CredI 1.38 to 2.13), and than 'other' NRT (inhaler, spray, tablets, lozenges; OR 1.42; 95% CredI 1.12 to 1.79), but was not more effective than combination NRT (OR 1.06; 95% CredI 0.75 to 1.48). 	 MAIN RESULTS
Combination NRT also outperformed single formulations. 	 MAIN RESULTS
The four categories of NRT performed similarly against each other, apart from 'other' NRT, which was marginally more effective than NRT gum (OR 1.21; 95% CredI 1.01 to 1.46). 	 MAIN RESULTS
Cytisine (a nicotine receptor partial agonist) returned positive findings (risk ratio (RR) 3.98; 95% CI 2.01 to 7.87), without significant adverse events or SAEs. 	 MAIN RESULTS
Across the 82 included and excluded bupropion trials, our estimate of six seizures in the bupropion arms versus none in the placebo arms was lower than the expected rate (1:1000), at about 1:1500. 	 MAIN RESULTS
meta-analysis of the bupropion studies demonstrated no excess of neuropsychiatric (RR 0.88; 95% CI 0.31 to 2.50) or cardiovascular events (RR 0.77; 95% CI 0.37 to 1.59). 	 SAE
meta-analysis of 14 varenicline trials found no difference between the varenicline and placebo arms (RR 1.06; 95% CI 0.72 to 1.55), and subgroup analyses detected no significant excess of neuropsychiatric events (RR 0.53; 95% CI 0.17 to 1.67), or of cardiac events (RR 1.26; 95% CI 0.62 to 2.56). 	 SAE
Nortriptyline increased the chances of quitting (RR 2.03; 95% CI 1.48 to 2.78). 	 SAE
Neither nortriptyline nor bupropion were shown to enhance the effect of NRT compared with NRT alone. 	 SAE
Clonidine increased the chances of quitting (RR 1.63; 95% CI 1.22 to 2.18), but this was offset by a dose-dependent rise in adverse events. 	 SAE
Mecamylamine in combination with NRT may increase the chances of quitting, but the current evidence is inconclusive. 	 SAE
Other treatments failed to demonstrate a benefit compared with placebo. 	 SAE
Nicotine vaccines are not yet licensed for use as an aid to smoking cessation or relapse prevention. 	 SAE
Nicobrevin's UK license is now revoked, and the manufacturers of rimonabant, taranabant and dianicline are no longer supporting the development or testing of these treatments. 	 SAE
AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS NRT, bupropion, varenicline and cytisine have been shown to improve the chances of quitting. 	 SAE
Combination NRT and varenicline are equally effective as quitting aids. 	 SAE
Nortriptyline also improves the chances of quitting. 	 SAE
On current evidence, none of the treatments appear to have an incidence of adverse events that would mitigate their use. 	 SAE
Further research is warranted into the safety of varenicline and into cytisine's potential as an effective and affordable treatment, but not into the efficacy and safety of NRT. 	 SAE
In women undergoing IVF, are urinary bisphenol A (BPA) concentrations associated with ovarian response and early reproductive outcomes, including oocyte maturation and fertilization, Day 3 embryo quality and blastocyst formation? 	 STUDY QUESTION
Higher urinary BPA concentrations were found to be associated with decreased ovarian response, number of fertilized oocytes and decreased blastocyst formation. 	 SUMMARY ANSWER
IS KNOWN ALREADY Experimental animal and in vitro studies have reported associations between BPA exposure and adverse reproductive outcomes. 	 WHAT
We previously reported an association between urinary BPA and decreased ovarian response [peak serum estradiol (E(2)) and oocyte count at the time of retrieval] in women undergoing IVF; however, there are limited human data on reproductive health outcomes, such as fertilization and embryo development. 	 WHAT
DESIGN, SIZE AND DURATION Prospective preconception cohort study. 	 STUDY
One hundred and seventy-four women aged 18-45 years and undergoing 237 IVF cycles were recruited at the Massachusetts General Hospital Fertility Center, Boston, MA, USA, between November 2004 and August 2010. 	 STUDY
These women were followed until they either had a live birth or discontinued treatment. 	 STUDY
Cryothaw and donor egg cycles were not included in the analysis. 	 STUDY
PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING AND METHODS Urinary BPA concentrations were measured by online solid-phase extraction-high-performance liquid chromatography-isotope dilution-tandem mass spectrometry. 	 STUDY
Mixed effect models, poisson regression and multivariate logistic regression models were used wherever appropriate to evaluate the association between cycle-specific urinary BPA concentrations and measures of ovarian response, oocyte maturation (metaphase II), fertilization, embryo quality and cleavage rate. 	 STUDY
We accounted for correlation among multiple IVF cycles in the same woman using generalized estimating equations. 	 STUDY
OF CHANCE The geometric mean (SD) for urinary BPA concentrations was 1.50 (2.22) µg/l. 	 MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE
After adjustment for age and other potential confounders (Day 3 serum FSH, smoking, BMI), there was a significant linear dose-response association between increased urinary BPA concentrations and decreased number of oocytes (overall and mature), decreased number of normally fertilized oocytes and decreased E(2) levels (mean decreases of 40, 253 and 471 pg/ml for urinary BPA quartiles 2, 3 and 4, when compared with the lowest quartile, respectively; P-value for trend = 0.001). 	 MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE
The mean number of oocytes and normally fertilized oocytes decreased by 24 and 27%, respectively, for the highest versus the lowest quartile of urinary BPA (trend test P < 0.001 and 0.002, respectively). 	 MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE
Women with urinary BPA above the lowest quartile had decreased blastocyst formation (trend test P-value = 0.08). 	 MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE
Potential limitations include exposure misclassification due to the very short half-life of BPA and its high variability over time; uncertainty about the generalizability of the results to the general population of women conceiving naturally and limited sample. 	 LIMITATIONS AND REASONS FOR CAUTION
OF THE FINDINGS The results from this extended study, using IVF as a model to study early reproductive health outcomes in humans, indicate a negative dose-response association between urinary BPA concentrations and serum peak E(2) and oocyte yield, confirming our previous findings. 	 WIDER IMPLICATIONS
In addition, we found significantly decreased metaphase II oocyte count and number of normally fertilizing oocytes and a suggestive association between BPA urinary concentrations and decreased blastocyst formation, thus indicating that BPA may alter reproductive function in susceptible women undergoing IVF. 	 WIDER IMPLICATIONS
FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S) This work was supported by grants ES009718 and ES000002 from the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences and grant OH008578 from the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health. 	 STUDY
None of the authors has actual or potential competing financial interests. 	 STUDY
The findings and conclusions in this report are those of the authors and do not necessarily represent the views of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. 	 DISCLAIMER
The diagnosis of hypertension has traditionally been based on blood-pressure measurements in the clinic, but home and ambulatory measurements better correlate with cardiovascular outcome, and ambulatory monitoring is more accurate than both clinic and home monitoring in diagnosing hypertension. 	 BACKGROUND
We aimed to compare the cost-effectiveness of different diagnostic strategies for hypertension. 	 BACKGROUND
We did a Markov model-based probabilistic cost-effectiveness analysis. 	 METHODS
We used a hypothetical primary-care population aged 40 years or older with a screening blood-pressure measurement greater than 140/90 mm Hg and risk-factor prevalence equivalent to the general population. 	 METHODS
We compared three diagnostic strategies-further blood pressure measurement in the clinic, at home, and with an ambulatory monitor-in terms of lifetime costs, quality-adjusted life years, and cost-effectiveness. 	 METHODS
Ambulatory monitoring was the most cost-effective strategy for the diagnosis of hypertension for men and women of all ages. 	 FINDINGS
It was cost-saving for all groups (from -£56 [95% CI -105 to -10] in men aged 75 years to -£323 [-389 to -222] in women aged 40 years) and resulted in more quality-adjusted life years for men and women older than 50 years (from 0·006 [0·000 to 0·015] for women aged 60 years to 0·022 [0·012 to 0·035] for men aged 70 years). 	 FINDINGS
This finding was robust when assessed with a wide range of deterministic sensitivity analyses around the base case, but was sensitive if home monitoring was judged to have equal test performance to ambulatory monitoring or if treatment was judged effective irrespective of whether an individual was hypertensive. 	 FINDINGS
Ambulatory monitoring as a diagnostic strategy for hypertension after an initial raised reading in the clinic would reduce misdiagnosis and save costs. 	 INTERPRETATION
Additional costs from ambulatory monitoring are counterbalanced by cost savings from better targeted treatment. 	 INTERPRETATION
Ambulatory monitoring is recommended for most patients before the start of antihypertensive drugs. 	 INTERPRETATION
National Institute for Health Research and the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence. 	 FUNDING
Homocysteine is a risk factor for coronary artery disease (CAD), although a causal relation remains to be proven. 	 BACKGROUND
The importance of determining direct causality rests in the fact that plasma homocysteine can be safely and inexpensively reduced by 25% with folic acid. 	 BACKGROUND
This reduction is maximally achieved by doses of 0.4 mg/d. 	 BACKGROUND
High-dose folic acid (5 mg/d) improves endothelial function in CAD, although the mechanism is controversial. 	 BACKGROUND
It has been proposed that improvement occurs through reduction in total (tHcy) or free (non-protein bound) homocysteine (fHcy). 	 BACKGROUND
We investigated the effects of folic acid on endothelial function before a change in homocysteine in patients with CAD. 	 BACKGROUND
A randomized, placebo-controlled study of folic acid (5 mg/d) for 6 weeks was undertaken in 33 patients. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Endothelial function, assessed by flow-mediated dilatation (FMD), was measured before, at 2 and 4 hours after the first dose of folic acid, and after 6 weeks of treatment. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Plasma folate increased markedly by 1 hour (200 compared with 25.8 nmol/L; P<0.001). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
improved at 2 hours (83 compared with 47 microm; P<0.001) and was largely complete by 4 hours (101 compared with 51 microm; P<0.001). 	 FMD
tHcy did not significantly differ acutely (4-hour tHcy, 9.56 compared with 9.79 micromol/L; P=NS). 	 FMD
fHcy did not differ at 3 hours but was slightly reduced at 4 hours (1.55 compared with 1.78 micromol/L; P=0.02). 	 FMD
improvement did not correlate with reductions in either fHcy or tHcy at any time. 	 FMD
These data suggest that folic acid improves endothelial function in CAD acutely by a mechanism largely independent of homocysteine. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To investigate the pattern of changes in HbA1c in people with Type 1 diabetes managed by long-term Continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion. 	 AIMS
We studied HbA1c changes using computerized clinic records in 35 adult people with Type 1 diabetes and an elevated HbA1c (≥ 64 mmol/mol, 8.0%) on multiple daily insulin injections, who were then switched to continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion for at least 5 years. 	 METHODS
We identified three subgroups with similar baseline HbA1c but different long-term responses to pump therapy: group A--those with improvement followed by deterioration (57%); group B--those with improvement that was sustained throughout the 5 years (31%); and group C-those where HbA1c did not change significantly from baseline (12%). 	 RESULTS
The patients in group C had a higher BMI: 31.0 ± 5.2 vs. 25.9 ± 3.3 vs. 25.2 ± 3.1 kg/m² (group C vs. group A and group B; P = 0.02). 	 RESULTS
Improved glycaemic control with continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion was maintained over 5 years by 88% of people with Type 1 diabetes in this study, but there were variations in the long-term efficacy, with some people improving and worsening, others maintaining strict control and a few subcutaneous insulin infusion 'non-responders'. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Direct recordings from peripheral sympathetic nerves have shown an increased sympathetic drive in pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) and preeclampsia (PE). 	 BACKGROUND
It is unknown whether sympathetic drive is altered in normal pregnancy, when arterial blood pressure can be normal or relatively low. 	 BACKGROUND
The aim of this study was to measure and compare peripheral sympathetic discharge, its vasoconstrictor effect and its baroreceptor control, during pregnancy and postpartum in women with normal pregnancy (NP) and PIH and in normotensive nonpregnant (NN) women. 	 BACKGROUND
Twenty-one women with NP, 18 women with PIH, and 21 NN women had muscle sympathetic nerve activity assessed from multiunit discharges (MSNA) and from single units with defined vasoconstrictor properties (s-MSNA). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The s-MSNA in NP (38+/-6.6 impulses/100 beats) was greater (P<0.05) than in NN women (19+/-1.8 impulses/100 beats) despite similar age and body weight but less than in PIH women (P<0.001) (146+/-23.5 impulses/100 beats). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
followed a similar trend. 	 MSNA
Cardiac baroreceptor reflex sensitivity (BRS) was impaired in NP and PIH women relative to NN. 	 MSNA
After delivery, sympathetic activity decreased to values similar to those obtained in NN, and there was an increase in BRS. 	 MSNA
In women with NP, the decrease in sympathetic output occurred despite an insignificant change in blood pressure. 	 MSNA
Central sympathetic output was increased in women with normal pregnancy and was even greater in the hypertensive pregnant group. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The findings suggest that the moderate sympathetic hyperactivity during the latter months of normal pregnancy may help to return the arterial pressure to nonpregnant levels, although when the increase in activity is excessive, hypertension may ensue. 	 CONCLUSIONS
There is some previous evidence that diagnosis of cancer at death, recorded as registry death certificate only records, is associated with problems of access to care. 	 BACKGROUND
Records from the Northern and Yorkshire Cancer Registry for patients registered with breast, colorectal, lung, ovarian or prostate cancer between 1994 and 2002 were supplemented with measures of travel time to general practitioner and hospital services, and social deprivation. 	 METHODS
Logistic regression was used to identify predictors of records where diagnosis was at death. 	 METHODS
There was no association between the odds diagnosis at death and access to primary care. 	 RESULTS
For all sites except breast, the highest odds of being a cancer diagnosed at death fell among those living in the highest quartile of hospital travel time, although it was only statistically significant for colorectal and ovary tumours. 	 RESULTS
Those in the most deprived and furthest travel time to hospital quartile were 2.6 times more likely to be a diagnosis at death case compared with those in the most affluent and proximal areas. 	 RESULTS
There is some evidence that poorer geographical access to tertiary care, in particular when coupled with social disadvantages, may be associated with increased odds of diagnosis at death. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Atypical antipsychotic medications are widely used to treat delusions, aggression, and agitation in people with Alzheimer disease and other dementia; however, concerns have arisen about the increased risk for cerebrovascular adverse events, rapid cognitive decline, and mortality with their use. 	 CONTEXT
To assess the evidence for increased mortality from atypical antipsychotic drug treatment for people with dementia. 	 OBJECTIVE
(1966 to April 2005), the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register (2005, Issue 1), meetings presentations (1997-2004), and information from the sponsors were searched using the terms for atypical antipsychotic drugs (aripiprazole, clozapine, olanzapine, quetiapine, risperidone, and ziprasidone), dementia, Alzheimer disease, and clinical trial. 	 DATA SOURCES MEDLINE
Published and unpublished randomized placebo-controlled, parallel-group clinical trials of atypical antipsychotic drugs marketed in the United States to treat patients with Alzheimer disease or dementia were selected by consensus of the authors. 	 STUDY SELECTION
Trials, baseline characteristics, outcomes, all-cause dropouts, and deaths were extracted by one reviewer; treatment exposure was obtained or estimated. 	 DATA EXTRACTION
Data were checked by a second reviewer. 	 DATA EXTRACTION
Fifteen trials (9 unpublished), generally 10 to 12 weeks in duration, including 16 contrasts of atypical antipsychotic drugs with placebo met criteria (aripiprazole [n = 3], olanzapine [n = 5], quetiapine [n = 3], risperidone [n = 5]). 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
A total of 3353 patients were randomized to study drug and 1757 were randomized to placebo. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
Outcomes were assessed using standard methods (with random- or fixed-effects models) to calculate odds ratios (ORs) and risk differences based on patients randomized and relative risks based on total exposure to treatment. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
There were no differences in dropouts. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
Death occurred more often among patients randomized to drugs (118 [3.5%] vs 40 [2.3%]. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
The OR by meta-analysis was 1.54; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.06-2.23; P = .02; and risk difference was 0.01; 95% CI, 0.004-0.02; P = .01). 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
Sensitivity analyses did not show evidence for differential risks for individual drugs, severity, sample selection, or diagnosis. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
Atypical antipsychotic drugs may be associated with a small increased risk for death compared with placebo. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This risk should be considered within the context of medical need for the drugs, efficacy evidence, medical comorbidity, and the efficacy and safety of alternatives. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Individual patient analyses modeling survival and causes of death are needed. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To describe the long-term (≥ 10 years) benefits of clinical human papillomavirus (HPV) DNA testing for cervical precancer and cancer risk prediction. 	 PURPOSE
Cervicovaginal lavages collected from 19,512 women attending a health maintenance program were retrospectively tested for HPV using a clinical test. 	 METHODS
18 individually using a research test. 	 HPV
A Papanicolaou (Pap) result classified as atypical squamous cells of undetermined significance (ASC-US) or more severe was considered abnormal. 	 HPV
Women underwent follow-up prospectively with routine annual Pap testing up to 18 years. 	 HPV
Cumulative incidence rates (CIRs) of ≥ grade 3 cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN3+) or cancer for enrollment test results were calculated. 	 HPV
A baseline negative HPV test provided greater reassurance against CIN3+ over the 18-year follow-up than a normal Pap (CIR, 0.90% v 1.27%). 	 RESULTS
Although both baseline Pap and HPV tests predicted who would develop CIN3+ within the first 2 years of follow-up, only HPV testing predicted who would develop CIN3+ 10 to 18 years later (P = .004). 	 RESULTS
HPV16- and HPV18-positive women with normal Pap were at elevated risk of CIN3+ compared with other HPV-positive women with normal Pap and were at similar risk of CIN3+ compared with women with a low-grade squamous intraepithelial Pap. 	 RESULTS
testing to rule out cervical disease followed by Pap testing and possibly combined with the detection of HPV16 and HPV18 among HPV positives to identify those at immediate risk of CIN3+ would be an efficient algorithm for cervical cancer screening, especially in women age 30 years or older. 	 CONCLUSION HPV
Some studies have inferred that an epidemic of Kaposi sarcoma-associated herpesvirus (KSHV) infection in homosexual men in the United States occurred concurrently with that of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), but there have been no direct measurements of KSHV prevalence at the beginning of the HIV epidemic. 	 CONTEXT
To determine the prevalence of KSHV infection in homosexual men in San Francisco, Calif, at the beginning of the HIV epidemic in 1978 and 1979 and to examine changes in prevalence of KSHV at time points from 1978 through 1996 in light of changes in sexual behavior. 	 OBJECTIVES
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Analysis of a clinic-based sample (n = 398) derived from the San Francisco City Clinic Cohort (ages 18-66 years) (n = 2666 for analyses herein) and from population-based samples from the San Francisco Men's Health Study (MHS) (ages 25-54 years) (n = 825 and 252) and the San Francisco Young Men's Health Study (YMHS) (ages 18-29 years) (n = 428-976, and 557); behavioral studies were longitudinal and KSHV prevalence studies were cross-sectional. 	 OBJECTIVES
Antibodies against KSHV and HIV; sexual behaviors. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
The prevalence of KSHV infection in 1978 and 1979 was 26.5% of 235 (a random sample) overall (weighted for HIV infection) vs 6.9% (128/1842) for HIV in the San Francisco City Clinic Cohort sample. 	 RESULTS
The prevalence of KSHV infection remained essentially unchanged between an MHS sample of 252 in 1984 and 1985 (29.6%) and a YMHS sample of 557 in 1995 and 1996 (26.4%), while HIV prevalence dropped from 49.5% of 825 in 1984 and 1985 (MHS) to 17.6% of 428 in 1992 and 1993 (YMHS). 	 RESULTS
The proportion of men practicing unprotected receptive anal intercourse with 1 or more partners declined from 54% to 11% during the 1984 through 1993 period (MHS) with similar though slightly higher values in the YMHS in 1992 and 1993; whereas for unprotected oral intercourse it ranged between 60% and 90% in the 1984 through 1996 period (MHS and YMHS). 	 RESULTS
Infection with KSHV was already highly prevalent in homosexual men when the HIV epidemic began in San Francisco, and its prevalence has been maintained at a nearly constant level. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Any declines in the incidence of Kaposi sarcoma do not appear to be caused by a decline in KSHV transmission. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To quantify the diagnostic accuracy of selected inflammatory markers in addition to symptoms and signs for predicting pneumonia and to derive a diagnostic tool. 	 OBJECTIVES
Diagnostic study performed between 2007 and 2010. 	 DESIGN
Participants had their history taken, underwent physical examination and measurement of C reactive protein (CRP) and procalcitonin in venous blood on the day they first consulted, and underwent chest radiography within seven days. 	 DESIGN
Primary care centres in 12 European countries. 	 SETTING
Adults presenting with acute cough. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Pneumonia as determined by radiologists, who were blind to all other information when they judged chest radiographs. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Of 3106 eligible patients, 286 were excluded because of missing or inadequate chest radiographs, leaving 2820 patients (mean age 50, 40% men) of whom 140 (5%) had pneumonia. 	 RESULTS
Re-assessment of a subset of 1675 chest radiographs showed agreement in 94% (κ 0.45, 95% confidence interval 0.36 to 0.54). 	 RESULTS
Six published "symptoms and signs models" varied in their discrimination (area under receiver operating characteristics curve (ROC) ranged from 0.55 (95% confidence interval 0.50 to 0.61) to 0.71 (0.66 to 0.76)). 	 RESULTS
The optimal combination of clinical prediction items derived from our patients included absence of runny nose and presence of breathlessness, crackles and diminished breath sounds on auscultation, tachycardia, and fever, with an ROC area of 0.70 (0.65 to 0.75). 	 RESULTS
Addition of CRP at the optimal cut off of >30 mg/L increased the ROC area to 0.77 (0.73 to 0.81) and improved the diagnostic classification (net reclassification improvement 28%). 	 RESULTS
In the 1556 patients classified according to symptoms, signs, and CRP >30 mg/L as "low risk" (<2.5%) for pneumonia, the prevalence of pneumonia was 2%. 	 RESULTS
In the 132 patients classified as "high risk" (>20%), the prevalence of pneumonia was 31%. 	 RESULTS
The positive likelihood ratio of low, intermediate, and high risk for pneumonia was 0.4, 1.2, and 8.6 respectively. 	 RESULTS
Measurement of procalcitonin added no relevant additional diagnostic information. 	 RESULTS
A simplified diagnostic score based on symptoms, signs, and CRP >30 mg/L resulted in proportions of pneumonia of 0.7%, 3.8%, and 18.2% in the low, intermediate, and high risk group respectively. 	 RESULTS
A clinical rule based on symptoms and signs to predict pneumonia in patients presenting to primary care with acute cough performed best in patients with mild or severe clinical presentation. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Addition of CRP concentration at the optimal cut off of >30 mg/L improved diagnostic information, but measurement of procalcitonin concentration did not add clinically relevant information in this group. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Definitions of sepsis and septic shock were last revised in 2001. 	 IMPORTANCE
Considerable advances have since been made into the pathobiology (changes in organ function, morphology, cell biology, biochemistry, immunology, and circulation), management, and epidemiology of sepsis, suggesting the need for reexamination. 	 IMPORTANCE
To evaluate and, as needed, update definitions for sepsis and septic shock. 	 OBJECTIVE
A task force (n = 19) with expertise in sepsis pathobiology, clinical trials, and epidemiology was convened by the Society of Critical Care Medicine and the European Society of Intensive Care Medicine. 	 PROCESS
Definitions and clinical criteria were generated through meetings, Delphi processes, analysis of electronic health record databases, and voting, followed by circulation to international professional societies, requesting peer review and endorsement (by 31 societies listed in the Acknowledgment). 	 PROCESS
Limitations of previous definitions included an excessive focus on inflammation, the misleading model that sepsis follows a continuum through severe sepsis to shock, and inadequate specificity and sensitivity of the systemic inflammatory response syndrome (SIRS) criteria. 	 KEY FINDINGS FROM EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS
Multiple definitions and terminologies are currently in use for sepsis, septic shock, and organ dysfunction, leading to discrepancies in reported incidence and observed mortality. 	 KEY FINDINGS FROM EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS
The task force concluded the term severe sepsis was redundant. 	 KEY FINDINGS FROM EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS
Sepsis should be defined as life-threatening organ dysfunction caused by a dysregulated host response to infection. 	 RECOMMENDATIONS
For clinical operationalization, organ dysfunction can be represented by an increase in the Sequential [Sepsis-related] Organ Failure Assessment (SOFA) score of 2 points or more, which is associated with an in-hospital mortality greater than 10%. 	 RECOMMENDATIONS
Septic shock should be defined as a subset of sepsis in which particularly profound circulatory, cellular, and metabolic abnormalities are associated with a greater risk of mortality than with sepsis alone. 	 RECOMMENDATIONS
Patients with septic shock can be clinically identified by a vasopressor requirement to maintain a mean arterial pressure of 65 mm Hg or greater and serum lactate level greater than 2 mmol/L (>18 mg/dL) in the absence of hypovolemia. 	 RECOMMENDATIONS
This combination is associated with hospital mortality rates greater than 40%. 	 RECOMMENDATIONS
In out-of-hospital, emergency department, or general hospital ward settings, adult patients with suspected infection can be rapidly identified as being more likely to have poor outcomes typical of sepsis if they have at least 2 of the following clinical criteria that together constitute a new bedside clinical score termed quickSOFA (qSOFA): respiratory rate of 22/min or greater, altered mentation, or systolic blood pressure of 100 mm Hg or less. 	 RECOMMENDATIONS
These updated definitions and clinical criteria should replace previous definitions, offer greater consistency for epidemiologic studies and clinical trials, and facilitate earlier recognition and more timely management of patients with sepsis or at risk of developing sepsis. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
Patients with AL amyloidosis can benefit from high-dose chemotherapy and autologous stem cell transplantation (ASCT). 	 OBJECTIVES
Transplantation can be challenging due to fluid shifts, sepsis, and cardiac dysrhythmias. 	 OBJECTIVES
Amyloidosis may present with autonomic neuropathy (AN) that renders peritransplant care problematic. 	 OBJECTIVES
The purpose of this study was to determine the outcome of patients with AN during and after ASCT. 	 OBJECTIVES
We performed a case-control study of patients with AL amyloidosis with associated AN and compared them to a large matched cohort without AN who also underwent ASCT. 	 METHODS
We identified 13 patients with AN who underwent ASCT and a matched control group of 95 patients without AN. 	 RESULTS
Patients with AN had more organs involved (median 2.5 vs 1, p < 0.001) and the conditioning dose of melphalan was often reduced by 30% compared to controls without AN (p = 0.0015). 	 RESULTS
Median duration of hospitalization was similar for both cohorts, as were engraftment kinetics. 	 RESULTS
Atrial fibrillation occurred in all patients with AN but in only 1 control patient (p < 0.0001). 	 RESULTS
Median overall survival (OS) for patients with AN was 29 months but >60 months for controls (p < 0.0001). 	 RESULTS
On univariate analysis, cardiac involvement (p = 0.0132), AN (p = 0.0011), glomerular filtration rate (p = 0.038), number of organs involved (p = 0.0064), and NT-pro-BNP (p = 0.039) all had an impact on OS. 	 RESULTS
On multivariate analysis, AN retained an independent adverse impact on OS. 	 RESULTS
Patients with autonomic neuropathy secondary to AL amyloidosis can undergo autologous stem cell transplantation with relative safety. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Autonomic neuropathy is an independent, adverse determinant of survival in these patients. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Cancer outcomes vary between and within countries with patients from deprived backgrounds known to have inferior survival. 	 OBJECTIVE
The authors set out to explore the effect of deprivation in relation to the accessibility of hospitals offering diagnostic and therapeutic services on stage at presentation and receipt of treatment. 	 OBJECTIVE
Analysis of a Cancer Registry Database. 	 DESIGN
Data included stage and treatment details from the first 6 months. 	 DESIGN
The socioeconomic status of the immediate area of residence and the travel time from home to hospital was derived from the postcode. 	 DESIGN
Population-based study of patients resident in a large area in the north of England. 	 SETTING
39 619 patients with colorectal cancer diagnosed between 1994 and 2002. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Stage of diagnosis and receipt of treatment in relation to deprivation and distance from hospital. 	 OUTCOMES MEASURED
Patients in the most deprived quartile were significantly more likely to be diagnosed at stage 4 for rectal cancer (OR 1.516, p<0.05) but less so for colonic cancer. 	 RESULTS
There was a trend for both sites for patients in the most deprived quartile to be less likely to receive chemotherapy for stage 4 disease. 	 RESULTS
Patients with colonic cancer were very significantly less likely to receive any treatment if they came from any but the most affluent area (ORs 0.639, 0.603 and 0.544 in increasingly deprived quartiles), this may have been exacerbated if the hospital was distant from their residence (OR for forth quartile for both travel and deprivation 0.731, not significant). 	 RESULTS
The effect was less for rectal cancer and no effect of distance was seen. 	 RESULTS
Residing in a deprived area is associated with tendencies to higher stage at diagnosis and especially in the case of colonic cancer to reduced receipt of treatment. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These observations are consistent with other findings and indicate that access to diagnosis requires further investigation. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Testing for correlations between different sets of genomic features is a fundamental task in genomics research. 	 MOTIVATION
However, searching for overlaps between features with existing web-based methods is complicated by the massive datasets that are routinely produced with current sequencing technologies. 	 MOTIVATION
Fast and flexible tools are therefore required to ask complex questions of these data in an efficient manner. 	 MOTIVATION
This article introduces a new software suite for the comparison, manipulation and annotation of genomic features in Browser Extensible Data (BED) and General Feature Format (GFF) format. 	 RESULTS
BEDTools also supports the comparison of sequence alignments in BAM format to both BED and GFF features. 	 RESULTS
The tools are extremely efficient and allow the user to compare large datasets (e.g. next-generation sequencing data) with both public and custom genome annotation tracks. 	 RESULTS
BEDTools can be combined with one another as well as with standard UNIX commands, thus facilitating routine genomics tasks as well as pipelines that can quickly answer intricate questions of large genomic datasets. 	 RESULTS
BEDTools was written in C++. 	 AVAILABILITY AND IMPLEMENTATION
Source code and a comprehensive user manual are freely available at http://code.google.com/p/bedtools   CONTACT aaronquinlan@gmail.com; imh4y@virginia.edu   SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION Supplementary data are available at Bioinformatics online. 	 AVAILABILITY AND IMPLEMENTATION
The aim of this study was to compare the effects of calorie-restricted vegetarian and conventional diabetic diets alone and in combination with exercise on insulin resistance, visceral fat and oxidative stress markers in subjects with Type 2 diabetes. 	 AIMS
A 24-week, randomized, open, parallel design was used. 	 METHODS
Seventy-four patients with Type 2 diabetes were randomly assigned to either the experimental group (n = 37), which received a vegetarian diet, or the control group (n = 37), which received a conventional diabetic diet. 	 METHODS
Both diets were isocaloric, calorie restricted (-500 kcal/day). 	 METHODS
All meals during the study were provided. 	 METHODS
The second 12 weeks of the diet were combined with aerobic exercise. 	 METHODS
Participants were examined at baseline, 12 weeks and 24 weeks. 	 METHODS
Primary outcomes were: insulin sensitivity measured by hyperinsulinaemic isoglycaemic clamp; volume of visceral and subcutaneous fat measured by magnetic resonance imaging; and oxidative stress measured by thiobarbituric acid reactive substances. 	 METHODS
Analyses were by intention to treat. 	 METHODS
Forty-three per cent of participants in the experimental group and 5% of participants in the control group reduced diabetes medication (P < 0.001). 	 RESULTS
Body weight decreased more in the experimental group than in the control group [-6.2 kg (95% CI -6.6 to -5.3) vs. -3.2 kg (95% CI -3.7 to -2.5); interaction group × time P = 0.001]. 	 RESULTS
An increase in insulin sensitivity was significantly greater in the experimental group than in the control group [30% (95% CI 24.5-39) vs. 20% (95% CI 14-25), P = 0.04]. 	 RESULTS
A reduction in both visceral and subcutaneous fat was greater in the experimental group than in the control group (P = 0.007 and P = 0.02, respectively). 	 RESULTS
Plasma adiponectin increased (P = 0.02) and leptin decreased (P = 0.02) in the experimental group, with no change in the control group. 	 RESULTS
Vitamin C, superoxide dismutase and reduced glutathione increased in the experimental group (P = 0.002, P < 0.001 and P = 0.02, respectively). 	 RESULTS
Differences between groups were greater after the addition of exercise training. 	 RESULTS
Changes in insulin sensitivity and enzymatic oxidative stress markers correlated with changes in visceral fat. 	 RESULTS
A calorie-restricted vegetarian diet had greater capacity to improve insulin sensitivity compared with a conventional diabetic diet over 24 weeks. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The greater loss of visceral fat and improvements in plasma concentrations of adipokines and oxidative stress markers with this diet may be responsible for the reduction of insulin resistance. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The addition of exercise training further augmented the improved outcomes with the vegetarian diet. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To investigate the association between antidepressant treatment and risk of several potential adverse outcomes in older people with depression and to examine risks by class of antidepressant, duration of use, and dose. 	 OBJECTIVES
Cohort study of people aged 65 and over diagnosed as having depression. 	 DESIGN
570 general practices in the United Kingdom supplying data to the QResearch primary care database. 	 SETTING
60,746 patients diagnosed as having a new episode of depression between the ages of 65 and 100 years from 1 January 1996 to 31 December 2007 and followed up until 31 December 2008. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Hazard ratios associated with antidepressant use for all cause mortality, attempted suicide/self harm, myocardial infarction, stroke/transient ischaemic attack, falls, fractures, upper gastrointestinal bleeding, epilepsy/seizures, road traffic accidents, adverse drug reactions, and hyponatraemia, adjusted for a range of potential confounding variables. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Hazard ratios were calculated for antidepressant class (tricyclic and related antidepressants, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, other antidepressants), dose, and duration of use and for commonly prescribed individual drugs. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
54,038 (89.0%) patients received at least one prescription for an antidepressant during follow-up. 	 RESULTS
A total of 1,398,359 antidepressant prescriptions were issued: 764,659 (54.7%) for selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, 442,192 (31.6%) for tricyclic antidepressants, 2203 (0.2%) for monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and 189,305 (13.5%) for the group of other antidepressants. 	 RESULTS
The associations with the adverse outcomes differed significantly between the antidepressant classes for seven outcomes. 	 RESULTS
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors were associated with the highest adjusted hazard ratios for falls (1.66, 95% confidence interval 1.58 to 1.73) and hyponatraemia (1.52, 1.33 to 1.75) compared with when antidepressants were not being used. 	 RESULTS
The group of other antidepressants was associated with the highest adjusted hazard ratios for all cause mortality (1.66, 1.56 to 1.77), attempted suicide/self harm (5.16, 3.90 to 6.83), stroke/transient ischaemic attack (1.37, 1.22 to 1.55), fracture (1.64, 1.46 to 1.84), and epilepsy/seizures (2.24, 1.60 to 3.15), compared with when antidepressants were not being used. 	 RESULTS
Tricyclic antidepressants did not have the highest hazard ratio for any of the outcomes. 	 RESULTS
Significantly different associations also existed between the individual drugs for the same seven outcomes; trazodone (tricyclic antidepressant), mirtazapine, and venlafaxine (both in the group of other antidepressants) were associated with the highest rates for some of these outcomes. 	 RESULTS
Absolute risks over 1 year for all cause mortality were 7.04% for patients while not taking antidepressants, 8.12% for those taking tricyclic antidepressants, 10.61% for selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, and 11.43% for other antidepressants. 	 RESULTS
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and drugs in the group of other antidepressants were associated with an increased risk of several adverse outcomes compared with tricyclic antidepressants. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Among individual drugs, trazodone, mirtazapine, and venlafaxine were associated with the highest risks for some outcomes. 	 CONCLUSIONS
As this is an observational study, it is susceptible to confounding by indication, channelling bias, and residual confounding, so differences in characteristics between patients prescribed different antidepressant drugs that could account for some of the associations between the drugs and the adverse outcomes may remain. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Further research is needed to confirm these findings, but the risks and benefits of different antidepressants should be carefully evaluated when these drugs are prescribed to older people. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To investigate whether statins reduce all cause mortality and major coronary and cerebrovascular events in people without established cardiovascular disease but with cardiovascular risk factors, and whether these effects are similar in men and women, in young and older (>65 years) people, and in people with diabetes mellitus. 	 OBJECTIVES
Meta-analysis of randomised trials. 	 DESIGN
Cochrane controlled trials register, Embase, and Medline. 	 DATA SOURCES
Data abstraction Two independent investigators identified studies on the clinical effects of statins compared with a placebo or control group and with follow-up of at least one year, at least 80% or more participants without established cardiovascular disease, and outcome data on mortality and major cardiovascular disease events. 	 DATA SOURCES
Heterogeneity was assessed using the Q and I(2) statistics. 	 DATA SOURCES
Publication bias was assessed by visual examination of funnel plots and the Egger regression test. 	 DATA SOURCES
10 trials enrolled a total of 70 388 people, of whom 23 681 (34%) were women and 16 078 (23%) had diabetes mellitus. 	 RESULTS
Mean follow-up was 4.1 years. 	 RESULTS
Treatment with statins significantly reduced the risk of all cause mortality (odds ratio 0.88, 95% confidence interval 0.81 to 0.96), major coronary events (0.70, 0.61 to 0.81), and major cerebrovascular events (0.81, 0.71 to 0.93). 	 RESULTS
No evidence of an increased risk of cancer was observed. 	 RESULTS
There was no significant heterogeneity of the treatment effect in clinical subgroups. 	 RESULTS
In patients without established cardiovascular disease but with cardiovascular risk factors, statin use was associated with significantly improved survival and large reductions in the risk of major cardiovascular events. 	 CONCLUSION
Following the last major malaria epidemic in 2000, malaria incidence in South Africa has declined markedly. 	 BACKGROUND
The decrease has been so emphatic that South Africa now meets the World Health Organization (WHO) threshold for malaria elimination. 	 BACKGROUND
Given the Millennium Development Goal of reversing the spread of malaria by 2015, South Africa is being urged to adopt an elimination agenda. 	 BACKGROUND
This study aimed to determine the appropriateness of implementing a malaria elimination programme in present day South Africa. 	 BACKGROUND
An assessment of the progress made by South Africa in terms of implementing an integrated malaria control programme across the three malaria-endemic provinces was undertaken. 	 METHODS
Vector control and case management data were analysed from the period of 2000 until 2011. 	 METHODS
Both malaria-related morbidity and mortality have decreased significantly across all three malaria-endemic provinces since 2000. 	 RESULTS
The greatest decline was seen in KwaZulu-Natal where cases decreased from 42,276 in 2000 to 380 in 2010 and deaths dropped from 122 in 2000 to six in 2010. 	 RESULTS
Although there has been a 49.2 % (8,553 vs 4,214) decrease in the malaria cases reported in Limpopo Province, currently it is the largest contributor to the malaria incidence in South Africa. 	 RESULTS
Despite all three provinces reporting average insecticide spray coverage of over 80%, malaria incidence in both Mpumalanga and Limpopo remains above the elimination threshold. 	 RESULTS
Locally transmitted case numbers have declined in all three malaria provinces but imported case numbers have been increasing. 	 RESULTS
Knowledge gaps in vector distribution, insecticide resistance status and drug usage were also identified. 	 RESULTS
Malaria elimination in South Africa is a realistic possibility if certain criteria are met. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Firstly, there must be continued support for the existing malaria control programmes to ensure the gains made are sustained. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Secondly, cross border malaria control initiatives with neighbouring countries must be strongly encouraged and supported to reduce malaria in the region and the importation of malaria into South Africa. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Thirdly, operational research, particularly on vector distribution and insecticide resistance status must be conducted as a matter of urgency, and finally, the surveillance systems must be refined to ensure the information required to inform an elimination agenda are routinely collected. 	 CONCLUSIONS
disproportionately affects African-Caribbean women in Canada but the frequency and distribution of sexually transmitted infections in this community have not been previously studied. 	 BACKGROUND HIV
We recruited women based on HIV status through a Toronto community health centre. 	 METHODS
Participants completed a socio-behavioural questionnaire using Audio Computer Assisted Self-Interview (ACASI) and provided blood for syphilis, HIV, hepatitis B and C, herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1), herpes simplex virus type 2 (HSV-2), and human cytomegalovirus (CMV) serology, urine for chlamydia and gonorrhea molecular testing and vaginal secretions for bacterial vaginosis (BV) and human papillomavirus (HPV). 	 METHODS
Differences in prevalence were assessed for statistical significance using chi-square. 	 METHODS
We recruited 126 HIV-positive and 291 HIV-negative women, with a median age of 40 and 31 years, respectively (p < 0.001). 	 RESULTS
Active HBV infection and lifetime exposure to HBV infection were more common in HIV-positive women (4.8% vs. 0.34%, p = 0.004; and 47.6% vs. 21.2%, p < 0.0001), as was a self-reported history of HBV vaccination (66.1% vs. 44.0%, p = 0.0001). 	 RESULTS
Classical STIs were rare in both groups; BV prevalence was low and did not vary by HIV status. 	 RESULTS
HSV-2 infection was markedly more frequent in HIV-positive (86.3%) than HIV-negative (46.6%) women (p < 0.0001). 	 RESULTS
Vaginal HPV infection was also more common in HIV-positive than in HIV-negative women (50.8% vs. 22.6%, p < 0.0001) as was infection with high-risk oncogenic HPV types (48.4% vs. 17.3%, p < 0.0001). 	 RESULTS
Classical STIs were infrequent in this clinic-based population of African-Caribbean women in Toronto. 	 CONCLUSIONS
However, HSV-2 prevalence was higher than that reported in previous studies in the general Canadian population and was strongly associated with HIV infection, as was infection with hepatitis B and HPV. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Bariatric surgery is becoming a more widespread treatment for obesity. 	 BACKGROUND
Comprehensive evidence of the long-term effects of contemporary surgery on a broad range of clinical outcomes in large populations treated in routine clinical practice is lacking. 	 BACKGROUND
The objective of this study was to measure the association between bariatric surgery, weight, body mass index, and obesity-related co-morbidities. 	 BACKGROUND
This was an observational retrospective cohort study using data from the United Kingdom Clinical Practice Research Datalink. 	 METHODS
All 3,882 patients registered in the database and with bariatric surgery on or before 31 December 2014 were included and matched by propensity score to 3,882 obese patients without surgery. 	 METHODS
The main outcome measures were change in weight and body mass index over 4 y; incident diagnoses of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), hypertension, angina, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, fractures, obstructive sleep apnoea, and cancer; mortality; and resolution of hypertension and T2DM. 	 METHODS
Weight measures were available for 3,847 patients between 1 and 4 mo, 2,884 patients between 5 and 12 mo, and 2,258 patients between 13 and 48 mo post-procedure. 	 METHODS
ariatric surgery patients exhibited rapid weight loss for the first four postoperative months, at a rate of 4.98 kg/mo (95% CI 4.88-5.08). 	 RESULTS
Slower weight loss was sustained to the end of 4 y. Gastric bypass (6.56 kg/mo) and sleeve gastrectomy (6.29 kg/mo) were associated with greater initial weight reduction than gastric banding (2.77 kg/mo). 	 RESULTS
Protective hazard ratios (HRs) were detected for bariatric surgery for incident T2DM, 0.68 (95% CI 0.55-0.83); hypertension, 0.35 (95% CI 0.27-0.45); angina, 0.59 (95% CI 0.40-0.87);MI, 0.28 (95% CI 0.10-0.74); and obstructive sleep apnoea, 0.55 (95% CI 0.40-0.87). 	 RESULTS
Strong associations were found between bariatric surgery and the resolution of T2DM, with a HR of 9.29 (95% CI 6.84-12.62), and between bariatric surgery and the resolution of hypertension, with a HR of 5.64 (95% CI 2.65-11.99). 	 RESULTS
No association was detected between bariatric surgery and fractures, cancer, or stroke. 	 RESULTS
Effect estimates for mortality found no protective association with bariatric surgery overall, with a HR of 0.97 (95% CI 0.66-1.43). 	 RESULTS
The data used were recorded for the management of patients in primary care and may be subject to inaccuracy, which would tend to lead to underestimates of true relative effect sizes. 	 RESULTS
Bariatric surgery as delivered in the UK healthcare system is associated with dramatic weight loss, sustained at least 4 y after surgery. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This weight loss is accompanied by substantial improvements in pre-existing T2DM and hypertension, as well as a reduced risk of incident T2DM, hypertension, angina, MI, and obstructive sleep apnoea. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Widening the availability of bariatric surgery could lead to substantial health benefits for many people who are morbidly obese. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To determine the prevalence and risk factors for hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection in a cohort of homosexually active men, with particular reference to assessing sexual transmission. 	 OBJECTIVE
Prevalence based on cross-sectional testing for HCV (c100 protein) antibody in a cohort using sera stored between 1984 and 1989, and assessment of risk factors using a case-control analysis based on questionnaire data from HCV positive and negative subjects. 	 DESIGN
SUBJECTS/SETTING 1038 homosexually active men who were participating in a prospective study established to identify risk factors for AIDS. 	 DESIGN
They had been recruited through private and public primary care and sexually transmissible disease (STD) services in central Sydney. 	 DESIGN
Prevalence of HCV antibody and its association with human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) infection and other STDs, number of sexual partners, sexual practices and recreational drug use. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Overall, 7.6% of subjects tested were seropositive for HCV antibody. 	 RESULTS
In univariate analysis, HCV infection was significantly associated with injecting drug use (IDU) (OR = 8.18, p < 0.0001) and HIV infection (OR = 3.14, p < 0.0001) and with self reported history of syphilis (OR = 1.88, p = 0.016), anogenital herpes (OR = 1.93, p = 0.017), gonorrhoea (OR = 2.43, p = 0.009) and hepatitis B (OR = 1.92, p = 0.010). 	 RESULTS
In case control analysis, similar sexual behaviours (partner numbers and practices) were reported by HCV positive and HCV negative subjects except that HCV negative subjects more frequently reported engaging than HCV positive subject in unprotected receptive anal intercourse without ejaculation (OR = 0.61, p = 0.034), unprotected insertive (OR = 0.59, p = 0.039) and receptive (OR = 0.56, p = 0.016) oro-anal intercourse (rimming) and insertive fisting (OR = 0.48, p = 0.034). 	 RESULTS
In multiple logistic regression analyses, only HIV-1 infection (OR = 3.18, p < 0.0001) and IDU in the previous six months (OR = 7.24, p < 0.0001) remained significantly associated with the presence of HCV antibody. 	 RESULTS
was the major behavioural risk factor for HCV infection. 	 CONCLUSIONS IDU
If sexual or another from of transmission did occur, it may have been facilitated by concurrent HIV-1 infection. 	 CONCLUSIONS IDU
Population-based estimates of prevalence, risk distribution, and intervention uptake inform delivery of control programmes for sexually transmitted infections (STIs). 	 BACKGROUND
We undertook the third National Survey of Sexual Attitudes and Lifestyles (Natsal-3) after implementation of national sexual health strategies, and describe the epidemiology of four STIs in Britain (England, Scotland, and Wales) and the uptake of interventions. 	 BACKGROUND
Between Sept 6, 2010 and Aug 31, 2012 	 METHODS
, we did a probability sample survey of 15,162 women and men aged 16-74 years in Britain. 	 METHODS
Participants were interviewed with computer-assisted face-to-face and self-completion questionnaires. 	 METHODS
Urine from a sample of participants aged 16-44 years who reported at least one sexual partner over the lifetime was tested for the presence of Chlamydia trachomatis, type-specific human papillomavirus (HPV), Neisseria gonorrhoeae, and HIV antibody. 	 METHODS
We describe age-specific and sex-specific prevalences of infection and intervention uptake, in relation to demographic and behavioural factors, and explore changes since Natsal-1 (1990-91) and Natsal-2 (1999-2001). 	 METHODS
Of 8047 eligible participants invited to provide a urine sample, 4828 (60%) agreed. 	 FINDINGS
We excluded 278 samples, leaving 4550 (94%) participants with STI test results. 	 FINDINGS
Chlamydia prevalence was 1·5% (95% CI 1·1-2·0) in women and 1·1% (0·7-1·6) in men. 	 FINDINGS
Prevalences in individuals aged 16-24 years were 3·1% (2·2-4·3) in women and 2·3% (1·5-3·4) in men. 	 FINDINGS
Area-level deprivation and higher numbers of partners, especially without use of condoms, were risk factors. 	 FINDINGS
However, 60·4% (45·5-73·7) of chlamydia in women and 43·3% (25·9-62·5) in men was in individuals who had had one partner in the past year. 	 FINDINGS
Among sexually active 16-24-year-olds, 54·2% (51·4-56·9) of women and 34·6% (31·8-37·4) of men reported testing for chlamydia in the past year, with testing higher in those with more partners. 	 FINDINGS
High-risk HPV was detected in 15·9% (14·4-17·5) of women, similar to in Natsal-2. 	 FINDINGS
Coverage of HPV catch-up vaccination was 61·5% (58·2-64·7). 	 FINDINGS
Prevalence of HPV types 16 and 18 in women aged 18-20 years was lower in Natsal-3 than Natsal-2 (5·8% [3·9-8·6] vs 11·3% [6·8-18·2]; age-adjusted odds ratio 0·44 [0·21-0·94]). 	 FINDINGS
Gonorrhoea (<0·1% prevalence in women and men) and HIV (0·1% prevalence in women and 0·2% in men) were uncommon and restricted to participants with recognised high-risk factors. 	 FINDINGS
Since Natsal-2, substantial increases were noted in attendance at sexual health clinics (from 6·7% to 21·4% in women and from 7·7% to 19·6% in men) and HIV testing (from 8·7% to 27·6% in women and from 9·2% to 16·9% in men) in the past 5 years. 	 FINDINGS
STIs were distributed heterogeneously, requiring general and infection-specific interventions. 	 INTERPRETATION
Increases in testing and attendance at sexual health clinics, especially in people at highest risk, are encouraging. 	 INTERPRETATION
However, STIs persist both in individuals accessing and those not accessing services. 	 INTERPRETATION
Our findings provide empirical evidence to inform future sexual health interventions and services. 	 INTERPRETATION
Grants from the UK Medical Research Council and the Wellcome Trust, with support from the Economic and Social Research Council and the Department of Health. 	 FUNDING
Although unstable coronary artery disease is the most common reason for admission to a coronary care unit, the long-term prognosis of patients with this diagnosis is unknown. 	 BACKGROUND
This is particularly true for patients with diabetes mellitus, who are known to have a high morbidity and mortality after an acute myocardial infarction. 	 BACKGROUND
Prospectively collected data from 6 different countries in the Organization to Assess Strategies for Ischemic Syndromes (OASIS) registry were analyzed to determine the 2-year prognosis of diabetic and nondiabetic patients who were hospitalized with unstable angina or non-Q-wave myocardial infarction. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Overall, 1718 of 8013 registry patients (21%) had diabetes. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Diabetic patients had a higher rate of coronary bypass surgery than nondiabetic patients (23% versus 20%, P:<0.001) but had similar rates of catheterization and angioplasty. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Diabetes independently predicted mortality (relative risk [RR], 1.57; 95% CI, 1.38 to 1.81; P:<0.001), as well as cardiovascular death, new myocardial infarction, stroke, and new congestive heart failure. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Moreover, compared with their nondiabetic counterparts, women had a significantly higher risk than men (RR, 1.98; 95% CI, 1.60 to 2.44; and RR, 1.28; 95% CI, 1.06 to 1.56, respectively). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Interestingly, diabetic patients without prior cardiovascular disease had the same event rates for all outcomes as nondiabetic patients with previous vascular disease. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Hospitalization for unstable angina or non-Q-wave myocardial infarction predicts a high 2-year morbidity and mortality; this is especially evident for patients with diabetes. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Diabetic patients with no previous cardiovascular disease have the same long-term morbidity and mortality as nondiabetic patients with established cardiovascular disease after hospitalization for unstable coronary artery disease. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Insomnia is a common condition in older adults and is associated with a number of adverse medical, social, and psychological consequences. 	 CONTEXT
Previous research has suggested beneficial outcomes of both psychological and pharmacological treatments, but blinded placebo-controlled trials comparing the effects of these treatments are lacking. 	 CONTEXT
To examine short- and long-term clinical efficacy of cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) and pharmacological treatment in older adults experiencing chronic primary insomnia. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS A randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial of 46 adults (mean age, 60.8 y; 22 women) with chronic primary insomnia conducted between January 2004 and December 2005 in a single Norwegian university-based outpatient clinic for adults and elderly patients. 	 OBJECTIVE
(sleep hygiene, sleep restriction, stimulus control, cognitive therapy, and relaxation; n = 18), sleep medication (7.5-mg zopiclone each night; n = 16), or placebo medication (n = 12). 	 INTERVENTION CBT
All treatment duration was 6 weeks, and the 2 active treatments were followed up at 6 months. 	 INTERVENTION CBT
Ambulant clinical polysomnographic data and sleep diaries were used to determine total wake time, total sleep time, sleep efficiency, and slow-wave sleep (only assessed using polysomnography) on all 3 assessment points. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
resulted in improved short- and long-term outcomes compared with zopiclone on 3 out of 4 outcome measures. 	 RESULTS CBT
For most outcomes, zopiclone did not differ from placebo. 	 RESULTS CBT
Participants receiving CBT improved their sleep efficiency from 81.4% at pretreatment to 90.1% at 6-month follow-up compared with a decrease from 82.3% to 81.9% in the zopiclone group. 	 RESULTS CBT
Participants in the CBT group spent much more time in slow-wave sleep (stages 3 and 4) compared with those in other groups, and spent less time awake during the night. 	 RESULTS CBT
Total sleep time was similar in all 3 groups; at 6 months, patients receiving CBT had better sleep efficiency using polysomnography than those taking zopiclone. 	 RESULTS CBT
These results suggest that interventions based on CBT are superior to zopiclone treatment both in short- and long-term management of insomnia in older adults. 	 CONCLUSION
clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00295386. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
To analyze the relationship between an aspect of drinking pattern (i.e., drinking with or without meals) and risk of all-cause and specific-cause mortality. 	 PURPOSE
The Risk Factors and Life Expectancy Study, is a pooling of a series of epidemiological studies conducted in Italy. 	 METHODS
Eight-thousand six-hundred and forty-seven men and 6521 women, age 30-59 at baseline, and free of cardiovascular disease, were followed for mortality from all causes, cardiovascular and noncardiovascular, during an average follow-up of 7 years. 	 METHODS
Drinkers of wine outside meals exhibited higher death rates from all causes, noncardiovascular diseases, and cancer, as compared to drinkers of wine with meals. 	 RESULTS
This association was independent from the cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors measured at baseline and the amount of alcohol consumed and seemed to be stronger in women as compared to men. 	 RESULTS
The present results indicate that drinking patterns may have important health implications, and attention should be given to this aspect of alcohol use and its relationship to health outcomes. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The relationship between alcohol consumption and disease has been the focus of intensive scientific investigation (1-9). 	 CONCLUSIONS
Most studies to date, however, have limitations. 	 CONCLUSIONS
A major drawback is that limited information has been collected regarding the complex issue of alcohol consumption. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In many studies, ascertainment of alcohol consumption frequently focused only on quantity of alcohol consumed without considering the many different components of alcohol consumption, particularly drinking pattern (10-12). 	 CONCLUSIONS
It has been hypothesized, and preliminary data support the notion, that drinking pattern could have important influences on determining the health effects of alcohol (13,14). 	 CONCLUSIONS
The present study examines the relationship between one aspect of drinking pattern (drinking wine outside meals) and mortality in a large cohort of men and women. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Corin is a transmembrane protease that processes natriuretic peptides in the heart. 	 BACKGROUND
Like many membrane proteins, corin is shed from the cell surface. 	 BACKGROUND
In this study, we obtained plasma samples from healthy controls and patients with heart failure (HF) and acute myocardial infarction. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Soluble corin levels in plasma were measured by an ELISA method. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
In healthy adults (n=198), plasma corin levels were 690 pg/mL (SD, 260 pg/mL). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The corin levels did not differ significantly among different age groups. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
In patients with HF (n=291), plasma corin levels were significantly lower compared with that of healthy controls (365 pg/mL [SD, 259]; P<0.001). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The reduction in plasma corin levels seemed to correlate with the severity of HF. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
In patients of New York Heart Association classes II, III, and IV, plasma corin levels were 450 pg/mL (SD, 281 pg/mL; n=69), 377 pg/mL (SD, 270 pg/mL; n=132), and 282 pg/mL (SD, 194 pg/mL; n=90), respectively (P<0.001 class II vs class IV; P<0.05 class III vs class IV). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
In contrast, plasma corin levels in patients with acute myocardial infarction (n=73) were similar to that of healthy controls (678 pg/mL [SD, 285 pg/mL]; P>0.05). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Soluble corin was detected in human plasma. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Plasma corin levels were reduced significantly in patients with HF but not in those with acute myocardial infarction. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Our results indicate that corin deficiency may contribute to the pathogenesis of HF and that plasma corin may be used as a biomarker in the diagnosis of HF. 	 CONCLUSIONS
There is no doubt that good bimanual performance is very important for skilled handball playing. 	 BACKGROUND
The control of the non-dominant hand is especially demanding since efficient catching and throwing needs both hands. 	 BACKGROUND
METHODOLOGY/HYPOTHESES We investigated training-induced structural neuroplasticity in professional handball players using several structural neuroimaging techniques and analytic approaches and also provide a review of the literature about sport-induced structural neuroplastic alterations. 	 BACKGROUND
Structural brain adaptations were expected in regions relevant for motor and somatosensory processing such as the grey matter (GM) of the primary/secondary motor (MI/supplementary motor area, SMA) and somatosensory cortex (SI/SII), basal ganglia, thalamus, and cerebellum and in the white matter (WM) of the corticospinal tract (CST) and corpus callosum, stronger in brain regions controlling the non-dominant left hand. 	 BACKGROUND
Increased GM volume in handball players compared with control subjects were found in the right MI/SI, bilateral SMA/cingulate motor area, and left intraparietal sulcus. 	 RESULTS
Fractional anisotropy (FA) and axial diffusivity were increased within the right CST in handball players compared with control women. 	 RESULTS
Age of handball training commencement correlated inversely with GM volume in the right and left MI/SI and years of handball training experience correlated inversely with radial diffusivity in the right CST. 	 RESULTS
Subcortical structures tended to be larger in handball players. 	 RESULTS
The anatomical measures of the brain regions associated with handball playing were positively correlated in handball players, but not interrelated in control women. 	 RESULTS
DISCUSSION/CONCLUSION Training-induced structural alterations were found in the somatosensory-motor network of handball players, more pronounced in the right hemisphere controlling the non-dominant left hand. 	 RESULTS
Correlations between handball training-related measures and anatomical differences suggest neuroplastic adaptations rather than a genetic predisposition for a ball playing affinity. 	 RESULTS
Investigations of neuroplasticity specifically in sportsmen might help to understand the neural mechanisms of expertise in general. 	 RESULTS
AIMS 	 RESULTS
The aims of this analysis were to examine levels of unmet needs and depression among carers of people newly diagnosed with cancer and to identify groups who may be at higher risk, by examining relationships with demographic characteristics. 	 RESULTS
One hundred and fifty dyads of people newly diagnosed with cancer and their carers, aged 18 years and older, were recruited from four Australian hospitals. 	 METHODS
People with cancer receiving adjuvant cancer treatment with curative intent, were eligible to participate. 	 METHODS
Carers completed the Supportive Care Needs Survey-Partners & Caregivers (SCNS-P&C45), and both carers and patients completed the Centre of Epidemiologic-Depression Scale (CES-D). 	 METHODS
Overall, 57% of carers reported at least one, 37% at least three, 31% at least five, and 15% at least 10 unmet needs; the most commonly endorsed unmet needs were in the domains of information and health care service needs. 	 RESULTS
Thirty percent of carers and 36% of patients were at risk of clinical depression. 	 RESULTS
A weak to moderate positive relationship was observed between unmet needs and carer depression (r=0.30, p<0.001). 	 RESULTS
Carer levels of unmet needs were significantly associated with carer age, hospital type, treatment type, cancer type, living situation, relationship status (in both uni- and multi-factor analysis); person with cancer age and carer level of education (in unifactor analysis only); but not with carer gender or patient gender (in both uni- and multi-factor analyses). 	 RESULTS
Findings highlight the importance of developing tailored programmes to systematically assist carers who are supporting patients through the early stages of cancer treatment. 	 CONCLUSION
The purpose of the present study was to investigate the relationship between the Total Atherosclerotic Score (TAS), a measurement of the overall atherosclerotic burden of the arterial tree by whole body magnetic resonance angiography (WBMRA), and the risk of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), defined as cardiac death, myocardial infarction, stroke and/or coronary revascularization, assuming that TAS predicts MACE. 	 OBJECTIVE
305 randomly selected 70 year-old subjects (47% women) underwent WBMRA. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Their atherosclerotic burden was evaluated and TAS > 0, that is atherosclerotic changes, were found in 68% of subjects. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
During follow-up (mean 4.8 years), MACE occurred in 25 subjects (8.2%). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Adjusting for multiple risk factors, TAS was associated with MACE (OR 8.86 for any degree of vessel lumen abnormality, 95%CI 1.14-69.11, p = 0.037). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
In addition, TAS improved discrimination and reclassification when added to the Framingham risk score (FRS), and ROC (Receiver Operator Curve) increased from 0.681 to 0.750 (p = 0.0421). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
In a population-based sample of 70 year old men and women WBMRA, with TAS, predicted MACE independently of major cardiovascular risk factors. 	 CONCLUSION
Few studies have examined whether physician knowledge, attitudes, or practice patterns might contribute to gender disparities in the primary prevention of coronary heart disease (CHD), including among physicians caring for the largest number of reproductive-age women, obstetricians and gynecologists (OB/GYNs). 	 BACKGROUND
We sought to identify barriers affecting the provision of recommended coronary risk factor therapies in women. 	 BACKGROUND
We surveyed internists and OB/GYNs who attended Grand Rounds presentations developed for the New York State Women and Heart Disease Physician Education Initiative. 	 METHODS
This program was designed to improve screening and management of coronary risk factors in women. 	 METHODS
Attendees were asked to complete a 7-minute questionnaire. 	 METHODS
The mean age of the 529 respondents was 40.3 years (standard deviation = 12.3), 75.1% were internists (n=378), and 42.7% (n=226) were women. 	 RESULTS
Physicians correctly responded to 71.5% of the 13 questions assessing knowledge of coronary risk prevention (range, 4-13). 	 RESULTS
Almost one third of internists and half of the OB/GYNs did not know that tobacco use was the leading cause of myocardial infarction in young women. 	 RESULTS
For patients who smoked tobacco, only two thirds of internists and 55.4% of OB/GYNs reported suggesting a quit date (p=.007). 	 RESULTS
After controlling for covariates, physicians who did not perceive time as a barrier were more likely to discuss smoking cessation (odds ratio=1.7 [1.1-2.7]). 	 RESULTS
Among the internists and OB/GYNs surveyed, time was perceived as a barrier to implementing risk prevention. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These physicians also underestimated the impact of tobacco use as a risk factor for CHD in young women. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To lessen gender disparities in CHD prevention, both specialties need time-efficient educational programs that reflect specialty differences. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To investigate the expressions of survivin and Cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2), and their possible correlations in the development of endometrial adenocarcinoma (EC). 	 OBJECTIVES
We also looked at their association with classical prognostic factors in EC. 	 OBJECTIVES
To our knowledge, this is the first time survivin expression is investigated in terms of its relation to COX-2 in the developmental pathway of EC. 	 OBJECTIVES
Archived tissue samples of 50 EC, 30 endometrial hyperplasia and 20 proliferative endometrium were selected and immunohistochemically analyzed for survivin and COX-2 expression. 	 METHODS
Both survivin and COX-2 were overexpressed in hyperplasia and endometrial adenocarcinoma cases compared to proliferative endometrium, which was statistically significant (p=0.01, p=0.02, respectively). 	 RESULTS
Among EC cases, survivin and COX-2 were strongly positive in 38 (76%) and 30 (60%) patients, respectively. 	 RESULTS
Furthermore, we found survivin and COX-2 to be positively correlated, which was also statistically significant (p=0.0001, r=0.46). 	 RESULTS
Neither survivin nor COX-2 expression was correlated with classical prognostic factors of endometrial carcinoma such as myometrial invasion, grade or lymph node metastasis (p>0.05). 	 RESULTS
Neither COX-2 nor survivin had an impact on overall survival (p>0.05). 	 RESULTS
Both survivin and COX-2 are overexpressed, and they seem to be early events in the occurrence of EC. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Moreover, protein products of these two genes are positively correlated. 	 CONCLUSIONS
COX-2 and survivin might share a common molecular pathway or enhance each other's actions in the developmental pathway of EC. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Molecular basis of such a relationship should be further investigated in endometrial carcinogenesis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To describe the characteristics of homeless children and families seen by the mental health outreach service (MHOS), to evaluate the impact of this service on the short term psychosocial functioning of children and parents, and to establish perceptions of, and satisfaction with, the service. 	 AIMS
Twenty seven children from 23 families who were in receipt of the MHOS and 27 children from 23 families residing in other hostels where no such service was available were studied. 	 METHODS
The MHOS was delivered by a clinical nurse specialist with expertise in child mental health, who offered the following interventions: assessment and brief treatment of mental health disorders in children; liaison with agencies; and training of homeless centre staff. 	 METHODS
Children in the experimental group had a significantly higher decrease in Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire (SDQ) total scores. 	 RESULTS
Having received the intervention was the strongest predictor of improvement in SDQ total scores. 	 RESULTS
There was no significant impact on parental mental health (General Health Questionnaire) scores. 	 RESULTS
Homeless families and staff expressed high satisfaction with the MHOS. 	 RESULTS
This MHOS for homeless families is an innovative intervention which meets the complex and multiple needs of a vulnerable population unable to access mainstream mental health services. 	 CONCLUSION
The primary objective of the service was to improve child mental health problems; however, the service developed in a responsive way by meeting social and practical needs of families in addition to its clinical role. 	 CONCLUSION
The objective of this article is to update previous evidence-based recommendations for evaluation and management of individuals with solid pulmonary nodules and to generate new recommendations for those with nonsolid nodules. 	 OBJECTIVES
We updated prior literature reviews, synthesized evidence, and formulated recommendations by using the methods described in the "Methodology for Development of Guidelines for Lung Cancer" in the American College of Chest Physicians Lung Cancer Guidelines, 3rd ed. 	 METHODS
We formulated recommendations for evaluating solid pulmonary nodules that measure > 8 mm in diameter, solid nodules that measure ≤ 8 mm in diameter, and subsolid nodules. 	 RESULTS
The recommendations stress the value of assessing the probability of malignancy, the utility of imaging tests, the need to weigh the benefits and harms of different management strategies (nonsurgical biopsy, surgical resection, and surveillance with chest CT imaging), and the importance of eliciting patient preferences. 	 RESULTS
Individuals with pulmonary nodules should be evaluated and managed by estimating the probability of malignancy, performing imaging tests to better characterize the lesions, evaluating the risks associated with various management alternatives, and eliciting their preferences for management. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Islet1 (Isl1) has been proposed as a marker of cardiac progenitor cells derived from the second heart field and is utilized to identify and purify cardiac progenitors from murine and human specimens for ex vivo expansion. 	 RATIONALE
The use of Isl1 as a specific second heart field marker is dependent on its exclusion from other cardiac lineages such as neural crest. 	 RATIONALE
Determine whether Isl1 is expressed by cardiac neural crest. 	 OBJECTIVE
We used an intersectional fate-mapping system using the RC::FrePe allele, which reports dual Flpe and Cre recombination. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Combining Isl1(Cre/+), a SHF driver, and Wnt1::Flpe, a neural crest driver, with Rc::FrePe reveals that some Isl1 derivatives in the cardiac outflow tract derive from Wnt1-expressing neural crest progenitors. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
In contrast, no overlap was observed between Wnt1-derived neural crest and an alternative second heart field driver, Mef2c-AHF-Cre. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Isl1 is not restricted to second heart field progenitors in the developing heart but also labels cardiac neural crest. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The intersection of Isl1 and Wnt1 lineages within the heart provides a caveat to using Isl1 as an exclusive second heart field cardiac progenitor marker and suggests that some Isl1-expressing progenitor cells derived from embryos, embryonic stem cultures, or induced pluripotent stem cultures may be of neural crest lineage. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) are at high risk for recurrent cardiovascular events after acute coronary syndromes, in part because of increased platelet reactivity. 	 BACKGROUND
The Trial to Assess Improvement in Therapeutic Outcomes by Optimizing Platelet Inhibition With Prasugrel-Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction 38 (TRITON-TIMI 38) showed an overall reduction in ischemic events with more intensive antiplatelet therapy with prasugrel than with clopidogrel but with more bleeding. 	 BACKGROUND
We compared prasugrel with clopidogrel among subjects with DM in TRITON-TIMI 38. 	 BACKGROUND
We classified 13 608 subjects on the basis of preexisting history of DM and further according to insulin use. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Prespecified analyses of the primary (cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, or nonfatal stroke) and key secondary end points, including net clinical benefit (death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke, and nonfatal TIMI major bleeding) were compared by use of the log-rank test. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
We found that 3146 subjects had a preexisting history of DM, including 776 receiving insulin. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The primary end point was reduced significantly with prasugrel among subjects without DM (9.2% versus 10.6%; hazard ratio [HR], 0.86; P=0.02) and with DM (12.2% versus 17.0%; HR, 0.70; P<0.001, P(interaction)=0.09). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
A benefit for prasugrel was observed among DM subjects on insulin (14.3% versus 22.2%; HR, 0.63; P=0.009) and those not on insulin (11.5% versus 15.3%; HR, 0.74; P=0.009). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Myocardial infarction was reduced with prasugrel by 18% among subjects without DM (7.2% versus 8.7%; HR, 0.82; P=0.006) and by 40% among subjects with DM (8.2% versus 13.2%; HR, 0.60; P<0.001, P(interaction)=0.02). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Although TIMI major hemorrhage was increased among subjects without DM on prasugrel (1.6% versus 2.4%; HR, 1.43; P=0.02), the rates were similar among subjects with DM for clopidogrel and prasugrel (2.6% versus 2.5%; HR, 1.06; P=0.81, P(interaction)=0.29). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Net clinical benefit with prasugrel was greater for subjects with DM (14.6% versus 19.2%; HR, 0.74; P=0.001) than for subjects without DM (11.5% versus 12.3%; HR, 0.92; P=0.16, P(interaction)=0.05). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Subjects with DM tended to have a greater reduction in ischemic events without an observed increase in TIMI major bleeding and therefore a greater net treatment benefit with prasugrel compared with clopidogrel. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These data demonstrate that the more intensive oral antiplatelet therapy provided with prasugrel is of particular benefit to patients with DM. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Identification of the bacterium responsible for an outbreak can aid in disease management. 	 IMPORTANCE
However, traditional culture-based diagnosis can be difficult, particularly if no specific diagnostic test is available for an outbreak strain. 	 IMPORTANCE
To explore the potential of metagenomics, which is the direct sequencing of DNA extracted from microbiologically complex samples, as an open-ended clinical discovery platform capable of identifying and characterizing bacterial strains from an outbreak without laboratory culture. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PATIENTS In a retrospective investigation, 45 samples were selected from fecal specimens obtained from patients with diarrhea during the 2011 outbreak of Shiga-toxigenic Escherichia coli (STEC) O104:H4 in Germany. 	 OBJECTIVE
Samples were subjected to high-throughput sequencing (August-September 2012), followed by a 3-phase analysis (November 2012-February 2013). 	 OBJECTIVE
In phase 1, a de novo assembly approach was developed to obtain a draft genome of the outbreak strain. 	 OBJECTIVE
In phase 2, the depth of coverage of the outbreak strain genome was determined in each sample. 	 OBJECTIVE
In phase 3, sequences from each sample were compared with sequences from known bacteria to identify pathogens other than the outbreak strain. 	 OBJECTIVE
The recovery of genome sequence data for the purposes of identification and characterization of the outbreak strain and other pathogens from fecal samples. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
During phase 1, a draft genome of the STEC outbreak strain was obtained. 	 RESULTS
During phase 2, the outbreak strain genome was recovered from 10 samples at greater than 10-fold coverage and from 26 samples at greater than 1-fold coverage. 	 RESULTS
Sequences from the Shiga-toxin genes were detected in 27 of 40 STEC-positive samples (67%). 	 RESULTS
In phase 3, sequences from Clostridium difficile, Campylobacter jejuni, Campylobacter concisus, and Salmonella enterica were recovered. 	 RESULTS
These results suggest the potential of metagenomics as a culture-independent approach for the identification of bacterial pathogens during an outbreak of diarrheal disease. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
Challenges include improving diagnostic sensitivity, speeding up and simplifying workflows, and reducing costs. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
Endothelial dysfunction occurs in diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus but may also precede development of diabetes. 	 CONTEXT
To determine whether elevated plasma levels of biomarkers reflecting endothelial dysfunction (E-selectin; intercellular adhesion molecule 1 [ICAM-1]; and vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 [VCAM-1]) predict development of type 2 diabetes in initially nondiabetic women. 	 OBJECTIVE
Prospective, nested case-control study within the Nurses' Health Study, an ongoing US study initiated in 1976. 	 DESIGN AND SETTING
Of 121 700 women initially enrolled, 32 826 provided blood samples in 1989-1990; of those free of diabetes, cardiovascular disease, or cancer at baseline, 737 developed incident diabetes by 2000. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Controls (n = 785) were selected according to matched age, fasting status, and race. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Risk of confirmed clinically diagnosed type 2 diabetes by baseline levels of E-selectin, ICAM-1, and VCAM-1. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
Baseline median levels of the biomarkers were significantly higher among cases than among controls (E-selectin, 61.2 vs 45.4 ng/mL; ICAM-1, 264.9 vs 247.0 ng/mL; VCAM-1, 545.4 vs 526.0 ng/mL [all P values < or =.004]). 	 RESULTS
Elevated E-selectin and ICAM-1 levels predicted incident diabetes in logistic regression models conditioned on matching criteria and adjusted for body mass index (BMI), family history of diabetes, smoking, diet score, alcohol intake, activity index, and postmenopausal hormone use. 	 RESULTS
The adjusted relative risks for incident diabetes in the top quintile vs the bottom quintiles were 5.43 for E-selectin (95% confidence interval [CI], 3.47-8.50), 3.56 for ICAM-1 (95% CI, 2.28-5.58), and 1.12 for VCAM-1 (95% CI, 0.76-1.66). 	 RESULTS
Adjustment for waist circumference instead of BMI or further adjustment for baseline levels of C-reactive protein, fasting insulin, and hemoglobin A(1c) or exclusion of cases diagnosed during the first 4 years of follow-up did not alter these associations. 	 RESULTS
Endothelial dysfunction predicts type 2 diabetes in women independent of other known risk factors, including obesity and subclinical inflammation. 	 CONCLUSION
Influenza A virus (IAV) infection primarily targets respiratory epithelial cells and produces clinical outcomes ranging from mild upper respiratory infection to severe pneumonia. 	 BACKGROUND
Recent studies have shown the importance of lung antioxidant defense systems against injury by IAV. 	 BACKGROUND
Nuclear factor-erythroid 2 related factor 2 (Nrf2) activates the majority of antioxidant genes. 	 BACKGROUND
Alveolar type II (ATII) cells and alveolar macrophages (AM) were isolated from human lungs not suitable for transplantation and donated for medical research. 	 METHODS
In some studies ATII cells were transdifferentiated to alveolar type I-like (ATI-like) cells. 	 METHODS
Alveolar epithelial cells were infected with A/PR/8/34 (PR8) virus. 	 METHODS
We analyzed PR8 virus production, influenza A nucleoprotein levels, ROS generation and expression of antiviral genes. 	 METHODS
Immunocytofluorescence was used to determine Nrf2 translocation and western blotting to detect Nrf2, HO-1 and caspase 1 and 3 cleavage. 	 METHODS
We also analyzed ingestion of PR8 virus infected apoptotic ATII cells by AM, cytokine levels by ELISA, glutathione levels, necrosis and apoptosis by TUNEL assay. 	 METHODS
Moreover, we determined the critical importance of Nrf2 using adenovirus Nrf2 (AdNrf2) or Nrf2 siRNA to overexpress or knockdown Nrf2, respectively. 	 METHODS
We found that IAV induced oxidative stress, cytotoxicity and apoptosis in ATI-like and ATII cells. 	 RESULTS
We also found that AM can ingest PR8 virus-induced apoptotic ATII cells (efferocytosis) but not viable cells, whereas ATII cells did not ingest these apoptotic cells. 	 RESULTS
PR8 virus increased ROS production, Nrf2, HO-1, Mx1 and OAS1 expression and Nrf2 translocation to the nucleus. 	 RESULTS
Nrf2 knockdown with siRNA sensitized ATI-like cells and ATII cells to injury induced by IAV and overexpression of Nrf2 with AdNrf2 protected these cells. 	 RESULTS
Furthermore, Nrf2 overexpression followed by infection with PR8 virus decreased virus replication, influenza A nucleoprotein expression, antiviral response and oxidative stress. 	 RESULTS
However, AdNrf2 did not increase IFN-λ1 (IL-29) levels. 	 RESULTS
Our results indicate that IAV induces alveolar epithelial injury and that Nrf2 protects these cells from the cytopathic effects of IAV likely by increasing the expression of antioxidant genes. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Identifying the pathways involved in protecting cells from injury during influenza infection may be particularly important for developing new therapeutic strategies. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Chronic tension-type headaches are characterized by near-daily headaches and often are difficult to manage in primary practice. 	 CONTEXT
Behavioral and pharmacological therapies each appear modestly effective, but data are lacking on their separate and combined effects. 	 CONTEXT
To evaluate the clinical efficacy of behavioral and pharmacological therapies, singly and combined, for chronic tension-type headaches. 	 OBJECTIVE
Randomized placebo-controlled trial conducted from August 1995 to January 1998 at 2 outpatient sites in Ohio. 	 DESIGN AND SETTING
Two hundred three adults (mean age, 37 years; 76% women) with diagnosis of chronic tension-type headaches (mean, 26 headache d/mo). 	 PARTICIPANTS
Participants were randomly assigned to receive tricyclic antidepressant (amitriptyline hydrochloride, up to 100 mg/d, or nortriptyline hydrochloride, up to 75 mg/d) medication (n = 53), placebo (n = 48), stress management (eg, relaxation, cognitive coping) therapy (3 sessions and 2 telephone contacts) plus placebo (n = 49), or stress management therapy plus antidepressant medication (n = 53). 	 INTERVENTIONS
Monthly headache index scores calculated as the mean of pain ratings (0-10 scale) recorded by participants in a daily diary 4 times per day; number of days per month with at least moderate pain (pain rating >/=5), analgesic medication use, and Headache Disability Inventory scores, compared by intervention group. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Tricyclic antidepressant medication and stress management therapy each produced larger reductions in headache activity, analgesic medication use, and headache-related disability than placebo, but antidepressant medication yielded more rapid improvements in headache activity. 	 RESULTS
Combined therapy was more likely to produce clinically significant (>/=50%) reductions in headache index scores (64% of participants) than antidepressant medication (38% of participants; P =.006), stress management therapy (35%; P =.003), or placebo (29%; P =.001). 	 RESULTS
On other measures the combined therapy and its 2 component therapies produced similar outcomes. 	 RESULTS
Our results indicate that antidepressant medication and stress management therapy are each modestly effective in treating chronic tension-type headaches. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Combined therapy may improve outcome relative to monotherapy. 	 CONCLUSIONS
We estimated the relationship between soft drink consumption and obesity and diabetes worldwide. 	 OBJECTIVES
We used multivariate linear regression to estimate the association between soft drink consumption and overweight, obesity, and diabetes prevalence in 75 countries, controlling for other foods (cereals, meats, fruits and vegetables, oils, and total calories), income, urbanization, and aging. 	 METHODS
Data were obtained from the Euromonitor Global Market Information Database, the World Health Organization, and the International Diabetes Federation. 	 METHODS
Bottled water consumption, which increased with per-capita income in parallel to soft drink consumption, served as a natural control group. 	 METHODS
Soft drink consumption increased globally from 9.5 gallons per person per year in 1997 to 11.4 gallons in 2010. 	 RESULTS
A 1% rise in soft drink consumption was associated with an additional 4.8 overweight adults per 100 (adjusted B; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 3.1, 6.5), 2.3 obese adults per 100 (95% CI = 1.1, 3.5), and 0.3 adults with diabetes per 100 (95% CI = 0.1, 0.8). 	 RESULTS
These findings remained robust in low- and middle-income countries. 	 RESULTS
Soft drink consumption is significantly linked to overweight, obesity, and diabetes worldwide, including in low- and middle-income countries. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Saphenous vein graft (VG) failure occurs more frequently compared with arterial grafts, and graft thrombosis represents the main cause of early occlusion. 	 BACKGROUND
Because CD40-CD40L pathway CD40 represents a culprit link between local inflammation and coagulation cascade, we investigate the role of CD40 and its soluble ligand (sCD40L) in the immediate in vitro response of VG to arterial pressures, and the potential effects of Simvastatin (Merck Sharp&Dohme, White-house Station, NJ) supplementation. 	 BACKGROUND
Samples of saphenous vein and of internal mammary artery (IMA) were obtained from sixteen patients without history of statin therapy. 	 METHODS
Segments underwent pulsatile pressure distension and culture with or without supplementation of Simvastatin. 	 METHODS
CD40 and sCD40L were assessed in tissue lysate and in culture supernatant, respectively. 	 METHODS
sCD40L serum concentrations were also measured. 	 METHODS
During the course of the experiment, the CD40 expression was significantly lower in IMA samples compared with both distended and not distended VG. 	 RESULTS
Pressure distension up-regulated the production of CD40 in VG segments after 24 and 48 h. Statin supplementation significantly reduced the expression of CD40 in both venous (P < 0.001) and arterial samples (P < 0.001). 	 RESULTS
This effect of Simvastatin was not affected by the treatment with L-NAME, but it was reversed by the addition of mevalonic acid. 	 RESULTS
Mean sCD40L content in culture supernatants increased over time, suggesting that not only platelets but also the vessel wall is a source of CD40 and sCD40L. 	 RESULTS
Simvastatin treatment modulates endothelial CD40-sCD40L in both venous and arterial grafts, and therefore may represent a useful tool in the pharmacological prevention of graft failure. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Acute renal failure is a common complication of severe malaria in adults, and without renal replacement therapy (RRT), it carries a poor prognosis. 	 BACKGROUND
Even when RRT is available, delaying its initiation may increase mortality. 	 BACKGROUND
Earlier identification of patients who will need RRT may improve outcomes. 	 BACKGROUND
Prospectively collected data from two intervention studies in adults with severe malaria were analysed focusing on laboratory features on presentation and their association with a later requirement for RRT. 	 METHOD
In particular, laboratory indices of acute tubular necrosis (ATN) and acute kidney injury (AKI) that are used in other settings were examined. 	 METHOD
Data from 163 patients were available for analysis. 	 RESULTS
Whether or not the patients should have received RRT (a retrospective assessment determined by three independent reviewers) was used as the reference. 	 RESULTS
Forty-three (26.4%) patients met criteria for dialysis, but only 19 (44.2%) were able to receive this intervention due to the limited availability of RRT. 	 RESULTS
Patients with impaired renal function on admission (creatinine clearance < 60 ml/min) (n = 84) had their laboratory indices of ATN/AKI analysed. 	 RESULTS
The plasma creatinine level had the greatest area under the ROC curve (AUC): 0.83 (95% confidence interval 0.74-0.92), significantly better than the AUCs for, urinary sodium level, the urea to creatinine ratio (UCR), the fractional excretion of urea (FeUN) and the urinary neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalcin (NGAL) level. 	 RESULTS
The AUC for plasma creatinine was also greater than the AUC for blood urea nitrogen level, the fractional excretion of sodium (FeNa), the renal failure index (RFI), the urinary osmolality, the urine to plasma creatinine ratio (UPCR) and the creatinine clearance, although the difference for these variables did not reach statistical significance. 	 RESULTS
In adult patients with severe malaria and impaired renal function on admission, none of the evaluated laboratory indices was superior to the plasma creatinine level when used to predict a later requirement for renal replacement therapy. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The myeloid differentiation factor (MyD)88/interleukin (IL)-1 axis activates self-antigen-presenting cells and promotes autoreactive CD4(+) T-cell expansion in experimental autoimmune myocarditis, a mouse model of inflammatory heart disease. 	 RATIONALE
The aim of this study was to determine the role of MyD88 and IL-1 in the progression of acute myocarditis to an end-stage heart failure. 	 OBJECTIVE
Using alpha-myosin heavy chain peptide (MyHC-alpha)-loaded, activated dendritic cells, we induced myocarditis in wild-type and MyD88(-/-) mice with similar distributions of heart-infiltrating cell subsets and comparable CD4(+) T-cell responses. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Injection of complete Freund's adjuvant (CFA) or MyHC-alpha/CFA into diseased mice promoted cardiac fibrosis, induced ventricular dilation, and impaired heart function in wild-type but not in MyD88(-/-) mice. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Experiments with chimeric mice confirmed the bone marrow origin of the fibroblasts replacing inflammatory infiltrates and showed that MyD88 and IL-1 receptor type I signaling on bone marrow-derived cells was critical for development of cardiac fibrosis during progression to heart failure. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Our findings indicate a critical role of MyD88/IL-1 signaling in the bone marrow compartment in postinflammatory cardiac fibrosis and heart failure and point to novel therapeutic strategies against inflammatory cardiomyopathy. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Exogenous estrogen use may lower risk of dementia in postmenopausal women. 	 CONTEXT
A relationship between long-term exposure to endogenous estrogens and incident dementia has been hypothesized but not studied. 	 CONTEXT
To determine whether a longer reproductive period, as an indicator of longer exposure to endogenous estrogens, is associated with lower risk of dementia and Alzheimer disease (AD) in women who have natural menopause. 	 OBJECTIVE
The Rotterdam Study, a population-based prospective cohort study conducted in the Netherlands. 	 DESIGN AND SETTING
A total of 3601 women aged 55 years or older who did not have dementia at baseline (1990-1993) and had information on age at menarche, age at menopause, and type of menopause. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Participants were reexamined in 1993-1994 and 1997-1999 and were continuously monitored for development of dementia. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Incidence of dementia, based on Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Revised Third Edition criteria, and AD, based on National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke/Alzheimer's Disease and Related Disorders Association criteria, compared by quartiles of reproductive period among women with natural menopause. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
During 21 046 person-years of follow-up (median follow-up, 6.3 years), 199 women developed dementia, including 159 who developed AD. 	 RESULTS
After adjusting for age, dementia was not clearly associated with length of reproductive period. 	 RESULTS
However, after adjusting for multiple covariates, women with natural menopause and more reproductive years had an increased risk of dementia (adjusted rate ratio [RR] for women with >39 reproductive years [highest quartile] compared with <34 reproductive years [lowest quartile], 1.78; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.12-2.84). 	 RESULTS
The adjusted RR per year of increase was 1.04 (95% CI, 1.01-1.08). 	 RESULTS
For risk of AD, the adjusted RRs were 1.51 (95% CI, 0.91-2.50) and 1.03 (95% CI, 1.00-1.07), respectively. 	 RESULTS
Risk of dementia associated with a longer reproductive period was most pronounced in APOE epsilon4 carriers (adjusted RR for >39 reproductive years compared with <34 reproductive years, 4.20 [95% CI, 1.97-8.92] for dementia and 3.42 [95% CI, 1.51-7.75] for AD), whereas in noncarriers, no clear association with dementia or AD was observed. 	 RESULTS
Our findings do not support the hypothesis that a longer reproductive period reduces risk of dementia in women who have natural menopause. 	 CONCLUSION
Chemotherapy-induced febrile neutropenia (FN) is a clinically important complication that affects patient outcome by delaying chemotherapy doses or reducing dose intensity. 	 BACKGROUND
Risk of FN depends on chemotherapy- and patient-level factors. 	 BACKGROUND
We sought to determine the effects of chronic comorbidities on risk of FN. 	 BACKGROUND
We conducted a cohort study to examine the association between a variety of chronic comorbidities and risk of FN in patients diagnosed with six types of cancer (non-Hodgkin lymphoma and breast, colorectal, lung, ovary, and gastric cancer) from 2000 to 2009 who were treated with chemotherapy at Kaiser Permanente Southern California, a large managed care organization. 	 DESIGN
We excluded those patients who received primary prophylactic granulocyte colony-stimulating factor. 	 DESIGN
History of comorbidities and FN events were identified using electronic medical records. 	 DESIGN
Cox models adjusting for propensity score, stratified by cancer type, were used to determine the association between comorbid conditions and FN. 	 DESIGN
Models that additionally adjusted for cancer stage, baseline neutrophil count, chemotherapy regimen, and dose reduction were also evaluated. 	 DESIGN
A total of 19 160 patients with mean age of 60 years were included; 963 (5.0%) developed FN in the first chemotherapy cycle. 	 RESULTS
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease [hazard ratio (HR) = 1.30 (1.07-1.57)], congestive heart failure [HR = 1.43 (1.00-1.98)], HIV infection [HR = 3.40 (1.90-5.63)], autoimmune disease [HR = 2.01 (1.10-3.33)], peptic ulcer disease [HR = 1.57 (1.05-2.26)], renal disease [HR = 1.60 (1.21-2.09)], and thyroid disorder [HR = 1.32 (1.06-1.64)] were all associated with a significantly increased FN risk. 	 RESULTS
These results provide evidence that history of several chronic comorbidities increases risk of FN, which should be considered when managing patients during chemotherapy. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) is an umbrella designation that includes a heterogeneous group of primary brain tumors. 	 BACKGROUND
Several classification strategies of GBM have been reported, some by clinical course and others by resemblance to cell types either in the adult or during development. 	 BACKGROUND
From a practical and therapeutic standpoint, classifying GBMs by signal transduction pathway activation and by mutation in pathway member genes may be particularly valuable for the development of targeted therapies. 	 BACKGROUND
METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS We performed targeted proteomic analysis of 27 surgical glioma samples to identify patterns of coordinate activation among glioma-relevant signal transduction pathways, then compared these results with integrated analysis of genomic and expression data of 243 GBM samples from The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA). 	 BACKGROUND
In the pattern of signaling, three subclasses of GBM emerge which appear to be associated with predominance of EGFR activation, PDGFR activation, or loss of the RAS regulator NF1. 	 BACKGROUND
The EGFR signaling class has prominent Notch pathway activation measured by elevated expression of Notch ligands, cleaved Notch receptor, and downstream target Hes1. 	 BACKGROUND
The PDGF class showed high levels of PDGFB ligand and phosphorylation of PDGFRbeta and NFKB. 	 BACKGROUND
NF1-loss was associated with lower overall MAPK and PI3K activation and relative overexpression of the mesenchymal marker YKL40. 	 BACKGROUND
These three signaling classes appear to correspond with distinct transcriptomal subclasses of primary GBM samples from TCGA for which copy number aberration and mutation of EGFR, PDGFRA, and NF1 are signature events. 	 BACKGROUND
CONCLUSIONS/SIGNIFICANCE Proteomic analysis of GBM samples revealed three patterns of expression and activation of proteins in glioma-relevant signaling pathways. 	 BACKGROUND
These three classes are comprised of roughly equal numbers showing either EGFR activation associated with amplification and mutation of the receptor, PDGF-pathway activation that is primarily ligand-driven, or loss of NF1 expression. 	 BACKGROUND
The associated signaling activities correlating with these sentinel alterations provide insight into glioma biology and therapeutic strategies. 	 BACKGROUND
Non-clinical psychotic symptoms appear common in children, but it is possible that a proportion of reported symptoms result from misinterpretation. 	 BACKGROUND
There is a well-established association between pre-morbid low IQ score and schizophrenia. 	 BACKGROUND
Psychosis-like symptoms in children may also be a risk factor for psychotic disorder but their relationship with IQ is unclear. 	 BACKGROUND
To investigate the prevalence, nature and frequency of psychosis-like symptoms in 12-year-old children and study their relationship with IQ. 	 AIMS
Longitudinal study using the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC) birth cohort. 	 METHOD
A total of 6455 children completed screening questions for 12 psychotic symptoms followed by a semi-structured clinical assessment. 	 METHOD
IQ was assessed at 8 years of age using the Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children (3rd UK edition). 	 METHOD
The 6-month period prevalence for one or more symptoms was 13.7% (95% CI 12.8-14.5). 	 RESULTS
After adjustment for confounding variables, there was a non-linear association between IQ score and psychosis-like symptoms, such that only those with below average IQ score had an increased risk of reporting such symptoms. 	 RESULTS
Non-clinical psychotic symptoms occur in a significant proportion of 12-year-olds. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Symptoms are associated with low IQ and also less strongly with a high IQ score. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The pattern of association with IQ differs from that observed in schizophrenia. 	 CONCLUSIONS
is an inflammatory disorder characterised by chronic airflow limitation, but the extent to which airway inflammation is related to functional abnormalities is still uncertain. 	 BACKGROUND COPD
The interaction between inflammatory cells and airway smooth muscle may have a crucial role. 	 BACKGROUND COPD
To investigate the microlocalisation of inflammatory cells within the airway smooth muscle in COPD, surgical specimens obtained from 26 subjects undergoing thoracotomy (eight smokers with COPD, 10 smokers with normal lung function, and eight non-smoking controls) were examined. 	 METHODS
Immunohistochemical analysis was used to quantify the number of neutrophils, macrophages, mast cells, CD4+ and CD8+ cells localised within the smooth muscle of peripheral airways. 	 METHODS
Smokers with COPD had an increased number of neutrophils and CD8+ cells in the airway smooth muscle compared with non-smokers. 	 RESULTS
Smokers with normal lung function also had a neutrophilic infiltration in the airway smooth muscle, but to a lesser extent. 	 RESULTS
When all the subjects were analysed as one group, neutrophilic infiltration was inversely related to forced expiratory volume in 1 second (% predicted). 	 RESULTS
Microlocalisation of neutrophils and CD8+ cells in the airway smooth muscle in smokers with COPD suggests a possible role for these cells in the pathogenesis of smoking induced airflow limitation. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To investigate the experience of users of out of hours general practitioner services in England, UK. 	 OBJECTIVE
Population based cross sectional postal questionnaire survey. 	 DESIGN
General Practice Patient Survey 2012-13. 	 SETTING
Potential associations between sociodemographic factors (including ethnicity and ability to take time away from work during working hours to attend a healthcare consultation) and provider organisation type (not for profit, NHS, or commercial) and service users' experience of out of hours care (timeliness, confidence and trust in the out of hours clinician, and overall experience of the service), rated on a scale of 0-100. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Which sociodemographic/provider characteristics were associated with service users' experience, the extent to which any observed differences could be because of clustering of service users of a particular sociodemographic group within poorer scoring providers, and the extent to which observed differences in experience varied across types of provider. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
The overall response rate was 35%; 971,232/2,750,000 patients returned surveys. 	 RESULTS
Data from 902,170 individual service users were mapped through their registered practice to one of 86 providers of out of hours GP care with known organisation type. 	 RESULTS
Commercial providers of out of hours GP care were associated with poorer reports of overall experience of care, with a mean difference of -3.13 (95% confidence interval -4.96 to -1.30) compared with not for profit providers. 	 RESULTS
Asian service users reported lower scores for all three experience outcomes than white service users (mean difference for overall experience of care -3.62, -4.36 to -2.89), as did service users who were unable to take time away from work compared with service users who did not work (mean difference for overall experience of care -4.73, -5.29 to -4.17). 	 RESULTS
Commercial providers of out of hours GP care were associated with poorer experience of care. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Targeted interventions aimed at improving experience for patients from ethnic minorities and patients who are unable to take time away from work might be warranted. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To determine the rate of early discontinuation and non-publication of randomised controlled trials involving patients undergoing surgery. 	 OBJECTIVE
Cross sectional observational study of registered and published trials. 	 DESIGN
Randomised controlled trials of interventions in patients undergoing a surgical procedure. 	 SETTING
The ClinicalTrials.gov database was searched for interventional trials registered between January 2008 and December 2009 using the keyword "surgery". 	 DATA SOURCES
Recruitment status was extracted from the ClinicalTrials.gov database. 	 DATA SOURCES
A systematic search for studies published in peer reviewed journals was performed; if they were not found, results posted on the ClinicalTrials.gov results database were sought. 	 DATA SOURCES
Email queries were sent to trial investigators of discontinued and unpublished completed trials if no reason for the respective status was disclosed. 	 DATA SOURCES
Trial discontinuation before completion and non-publication after completion. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Logistic regression was used to determine the effect of funding source on publication status, with adjustment for intervention type and trial size. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Of 818 registered trials found using the keyword "surgery", 395 met the inclusion criteria. 	 RESULTS
Of these, 21% (81/395) were discontinued early, most commonly owing to poor recruitment (44%, 36/81). 	 RESULTS
The remaining 314 (79%) trials proceeded to completion, with a publication rate of 66% (208/314) at a median time of 4.9 (interquartile range 4.0-6.0) years from study completion to publication search. 	 RESULTS
A further 6% (20/314) of studies presented results on ClinicalTrials.gov without a corresponding peer reviewed publication. 	 RESULTS
Industry funding did not affect the rate of discontinuation (adjusted odds ratio 0.91, 95% confidence interval 0.54 to 1.55) but was associated with a lower odds of publication for completed trials (0.43, 0.26 to 0.72). 	 RESULTS
Investigators' email addresses for trials with an uncertain fate were identified for 71.4% (10/14) of discontinued trials and 83% (101/122) of unpublished studies. 	 RESULTS
Only 43% (6/14) and 20% (25/122) replies were received. 	 RESULTS
Email responses for completed trials indicated 11 trials in press, five published studies (four in non-indexed peer reviewed journals), and nine trials remaining unpublished. 	 RESULTS
One in five surgical randomised controlled trials are discontinued early, one in three completed trials remain unpublished, and investigators of unpublished studies are frequently not contactable. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This represents a waste of research resources and raises ethical concerns regarding hidden clinical data and futile participation by patients with its attendant risks. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To promote future efficiency and transparency, changes are proposed to research governance frameworks to overcome these concerns. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Little is known about the extent or severity of untreated mental disorders, especially in less-developed countries. 	 CONTEXT
To estimate prevalence, severity, and treatment of Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition (DSM-IV) mental disorders in 14 countries (6 less developed, 8 developed) in the World Health Organization (WHO) World Mental Health (WMH) Survey Initiative. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Face-to-face household surveys of 60 463 community adults conducted from 2001-2003 in 14 countries in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and Asia. 	 OBJECTIVE
The DSM-IV disorders, severity, and treatment were assessed with the WMH version of the WHO Composite International Diagnostic Interview (WMH-CIDI), a fully structured, lay-administered psychiatric diagnostic interview. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
The prevalence of having any WMH-CIDI/DSM-IV disorder in the prior year varied widely, from 4.3% in Shanghai to 26.4% in the United States, with an interquartile range (IQR) of 9.1%-16.9%. 	 RESULTS
Between 33.1% (Colombia) and 80.9% (Nigeria) of 12-month cases were mild (IQR, 40.2%-53.3%). 	 RESULTS
Serious disorders were associated with substantial role disability. 	 RESULTS
Although disorder severity was correlated with probability of treatment in almost all countries, 35.5% to 50.3% of serious cases in developed countries and 76.3% to 85.4% in less-developed countries received no treatment in the 12 months before the interview. 	 RESULTS
Due to the high prevalence of mild and subthreshold cases, the number of those who received treatment far exceeds the number of untreated serious cases in every country. 	 RESULTS
Reallocation of treatment resources could substantially decrease the problem of unmet need for treatment of mental disorders among serious cases. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Structural barriers exist to this reallocation. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Careful consideration needs to be given to the value of treating some mild cases, especially those at risk for progressing to more serious disorders. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Tuberculosis (TB) program, Damien Foundation Projects, Bangladesh. 	 SETTING
To summarize the outcome and its determinants of the first treatment for multidrug-resistant TB using a standardized regimen consisting of a minimum 9 months. 	 OBJECTIVE
This was a prospective, observational study of a gatifloxacin (GFX) based directly observed regimen, mainly with initial hospitalization. 	 DESIGN
The 4-month intensive phase was extended until sputum smear conversion. 	 DESIGN
Patients were monitored using culture for up to 2 years after treatment completion. 	 DESIGN
Of the 515 patients who met the study inclusion criteria and were successively enrolled from 2005 to 2011, 84.4% had a bacteriologically favorable outcome. 	 RESULTS
Due to extensive disease with delayed sputum conversion, only half of the patients completed treatment within 9 months; however, 95% were able to complete treatment within 12 months. 	 RESULTS
Eleven patients failed or relapsed, and 93.1% of the 435 patients who were successfully treated completed at least 12 months post-treatment follow-up. 	 RESULTS
The strongest risk factor for a bacteriologically unfavorable outcome was high-level fluoroquinolone (FQ) resistance, particularly when compounded by initial pyrazinamide (PZA) resistance. 	 RESULTS
Low-level FQ resistance had no unfavorable effect on treatment outcome. 	 RESULTS
Amplification of drug resistance occurred only once, in a patient strain that was initially only susceptible to kanamycin and clofazimine. 	 RESULTS
The excellent outcome of the Bangladesh regimen was largely maintained. 	 CONCLUSION
Bacteriological treatment failures and relapses were rare, except among patients with high-level GFX resistance, notably in the presence of PZA resistance. 	 CONCLUSION
The Dutch multidisciplinary sciatica guideline recommends that the team of professionals involved in sciatica care and the patient together decide on surgical or prolonged conservative treatment (shared decision making [SDM]). 	 BACKGROUND
Despite this recommendation, SDM is not yet integrated in sciatica care. 	 BACKGROUND
Existing literature concerning barriers and facilitators to SDM implementation mainly focuses on one discipline only, whereas multidisciplinary care may involve other barriers and facilitators, or make these more complex for both professionals and patients. 	 BACKGROUND
Therefore, this qualitative study aims to identify barriers and facilitators perceived by patients and professionals for SDM implementation in multidisciplinary sciatica care. 	 BACKGROUND
We conducted 40 semi-structured interviews with professionals involved in sciatica care (general practitioners, physical therapists, neurologists, neurosurgeons, and orthopedic surgeons) and three focus groups among patients (six to eight per group). 	 METHODS
The interviews and focus groups were audiotaped and transcribed in full. 	 METHODS
Reported barriers and facilitators were classified according to the framework of Grol and Wensing. 	 METHODS
The software package Atlas.ti 7.0 was used for analysis. 	 METHODS
Professionals reported 53 barriers and 5 facilitators, and patients 35 barriers and 18 facilitators for SDM in sciatica care. 	 RESULTS
Professionals perceived most barriers at the level of the organizational context, and facilitators at the level of the individual professional. 	 RESULTS
Patients reported most barriers and facilitators at the level of the individual professional. 	 RESULTS
Several barriers and facilitators correspond with barriers and facilitators found in the literature (e.g., lack of time, motivation) but also new barriers and facilitators were identified. 	 RESULTS
Many of these new barriers mentioned by both professionals and patients were related to the multidisciplinary setting, such as lack of visibility, lack of trust in expertise of other disciplines, and lack of communication between disciplines. 	 RESULTS
This study identified barriers and facilitators for SDM in the multidisciplinary sciatica setting, by both professionals and patients. 	 CONCLUSIONS
It is clear that more barriers than facilitators are perceived for implementation of SDM in sciatica care. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Newly identified barriers and facilitators are related to the multidisciplinary care setting. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Therefore, an effective implementation strategy of SDM in a multidisciplinary setting such as in sciatica care should focus on these barriers and facilitators. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Damage to large arteries is a major factor in the high cardiovascular morbidity and mortality of patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD). 	 BACKGROUND
Increased arterial stiffness and intima-media thickness, together with increased pulse pressure, are the principal arterial alterations. 	 BACKGROUND
Whether increased aortic pulse-wave velocity (PWV), a classic marker of increased arterial stiffness, may predict all-cause and/or cardiovascular mortality has never been investigated. 	 BACKGROUND
A cohort of 241 patients with ESRD undergoing hemodialysis was studied between April 1987 and April 1998. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The mean duration of follow-up was 72+/-41 months (mean+/-SD). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Mean age at entry was 51.5+/-16.3 years. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Seventy-three deaths occurred, including 48 cardiovascular and 25 noncardiovascular fatal events. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
At entry, together with standard clinical and biochemical analyses, patients underwent echocardiography and aortic PWV measured by Doppler ultrasonography. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
On the basis of Cox analyses, 2 factors emerged as predictors of all-cause and cardiovascular mortality: age and aortic PWV. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Hemoglobin and low diastolic pressure interfered to a smaller extent. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
After adjustment for all the confounding factors, an OR for PWV >12. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
0 versus <9.4 m/s was 5.4 (95% CI, 2.4 to 11.9) for all-cause mortality and 5.9 (95% CI, 2.3 to 15.5) for cardiovascular mortality. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
For each PWV increase of 1 m/s in our study population, all-cause mortality-adjusted OR was 1.39 (95% CI, 1.19 to 1.62). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
These results provide the first direct evidence that in patients with ESRD, increased aortic stiffness determined by measurement of aortic PWV is a strong independent predictor of all-cause and mainly cardiovascular mortality. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Alirocumab, a monoclonal antibody to proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9), lowers plasma low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and apolipoprotein B100 (apoB). 	 BACKGROUND
Although studies in mice and cells have identified increased hepatic LDL receptors as the basis for LDL lowering by PCSK9 inhibitors, there have been no human studies characterizing the effects of PCSK9 inhibitors on lipoprotein metabolism. 	 BACKGROUND
In particular, it is not known whether inhibition of PCSK9 has any effects on very low-density lipoprotein or intermediate-density lipoprotein (IDL) metabolism. 	 BACKGROUND
Inhibition of PCSK9 also results in reductions of plasma lipoprotein (a) levels. 	 BACKGROUND
The regulation of plasma Lp(a) levels, including the role of LDL receptors in the clearance of Lp(a), is poorly defined, and no mechanistic studies of the Lp(a) lowering by alirocumab in humans have been published to date. 	 BACKGROUND
Eighteen (10 F, 8 mol/L) participants completed a placebo-controlled, 2-period study. 	 METHODS
They received 2 doses of placebo, 2 weeks apart, followed by 5 doses of 150 mg of alirocumab, 2 weeks apart. 	 METHODS
At the end of each period, fractional clearance rates (FCRs) and production rates (PRs) of apoB and apo(a) were determined. 	 METHODS
In 10 participants, postprandial triglycerides and apoB48 levels were measured. 	 METHODS
Alirocumab reduced ultracentrifugally isolated LDL-C by 55.1%, LDL-apoB by 56.3%, and plasma Lp(a) by 18.7%. 	 RESULTS
The fall in LDL-apoB was caused by an 80.4% increase in LDL-apoB FCR and a 23.9% reduction in LDL-apoB PR. 	 RESULTS
The latter was due to a 46.1% increase in IDL-apoB FCR coupled with a 27.2% decrease in conversion of IDL to LDL. 	 RESULTS
The FCR of apo(a) tended to increase (24.6%) without any change in apo(a) PR. 	 RESULTS
Alirocumab had no effects on FCRs or PRs of very low-density lipoproteins-apoB and very low-density lipoproteins triglycerides or on postprandial plasma triglycerides or apoB48 concentrations. 	 RESULTS
Alirocumab decreased LDL-C and LDL-apoB by increasing IDL- and LDL-apoB FCRs and decreasing LDL-apoB PR. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These results are consistent with increases in LDL receptors available to clear IDL and LDL from blood during PCSK9 inhibition. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The increase in apo(a) FCR during alirocumab treatment suggests that increased LDL receptors may also play a role in the reduction of plasma Lp(a). 	 CONCLUSIONS
URL: http://www.clinicaltrials.gov. 	 CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION
Unique identifier: NCT01959971. 	 CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION
This clinical investigation was performed to compare the effects of permanent dual-chamber cardiac pacing with pharmacological therapy in patients with recurrent vasovagal syncope. 	 BACKGROUND
Patients from 14 centers were randomized to receive either a DDD pacemaker provided with rate-drop response function or the beta-blocker atenolol at the dosage of 100 mg once a day. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Inclusion criteria were age >35 years, >/=3 syncopal spells in the preceding 2 years, and positive response to tilt table testing with syncope occurring in association with relative bradycardia. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The primary outcome was the first recurrence of syncope after randomization. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Enrollment was started in December 1997, and the first formal interim analysis was performed on July 30, 2000. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
By that time, 93 patients (38 men and 55 women; mean age, 58.1+/-14.3 years) had been enrolled and randomized, although follow-up data were available for all patients (46 patients in the pacemaker arm, 47 patients in the pharmacological arm). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The interim analysis showed a significant effect in favor of permanent cardiac pacing (recurrence of syncope in 2 patients [4.3%] after a median of 390 days) compared with medical treatment (recurrence of syncope in 12 patients [25.5%] after a median of 135 days; OR, 0.133; 95% CI, 0.028 to 0.632; P=0.004). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Consequently, enrollment and follow-up were terminated. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
pacing with rate-drop response function is more effective than beta-blockade for the prevention of syncopal recurrences in highly symptomatic vasovagal fainters with relative bradycardia during tilt-induced syncope. 	 CONCLUSIONS DDD
Primary cervical screening with both human papillomavirus (HPV) DNA testing and cytological examination of cervical cells with a Pap test (cytology) has been evaluated in randomized clinical trials. 	 BACKGROUND
Because the vast majority of women with positive cytology are also HPV DNA positive, screening strategies that use HPV DNA testing as the primary screening test may be more effective. 	 BACKGROUND
We used the database from the intervention arm (n = 6,257 women) of a population-based randomized trial of double screening with cytology and HPV DNA testing to evaluate the efficacy of 11 possible cervical screening strategies that are based on HPV DNA testing alone, cytology alone, and HPV DNA testing combined with cytology among women aged 32-38 years. 	 METHODS
The main outcome measures were sensitivity for detection of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3 or worse (CIN3+) within 6 months of enrollment or at colposcopy for women with a persistent type-specific HPV infection and the number of screening tests and positive predictive value (PPV) for each screening strategy. 	 METHODS
All statistical tests were two-sided. 	 METHODS
Compared with screening by cytology alone, double testing with cytology and for type-specific HPV persistence resulted in a 35% (95% confidence interval [CI] = 15% to 60%) increase in sensitivity to detect CIN3+, without a statistically significant reduction in the PPV (relative PPV = 0.76, 95% CI = 0.52 to 1.10), but with more than twice as many screening tests needed. 	 RESULTS
Several strategies that incorporated screening for high-risk HPV subtypes were explored, but they resulted in reduced PPV compared with cytology. 	 RESULTS
Compared with cytology, primary screening with HPV DNA testing followed by cytological triage and repeat HPV DNA testing of HPV DNA-positive women with normal cytology increased the CIN3+ sensitivity by 30% (95% CI = 9% to 54%), maintained a high PPV (relative PPV = 0.87, 95% CI = 0.60 to 1.26), and resulted in a mere 12% increase in the number of screening tests (from 6,257 to 7,019 tests). 	 RESULTS
Primary HPV DNA-based screening with cytology triage and repeat HPV DNA testing of cytology-negative women appears to be the most feasible cervical screening strategy. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The 2008 Physical Activity Guidelines for Americans recommended a minimum of 75 vigorous-intensity or 150 moderate-intensity minutes per week (7.5 metabolic-equivalent hours per week) of aerobic activity for substantial health benefit and suggested additional benefits by doing more than double this amount. 	 IMPORTANCE
However, the upper limit of longevity benefit or possible harm with more physical activity is unclear. 	 IMPORTANCE
To quantify the dose-response association between leisure time physical activity and mortality and define the upper limit of benefit or harm associated with increased levels of physical activity. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS We pooled data from 6 studies in the National Cancer Institute Cohort Consortium (baseline 1992-2003). 	 OBJECTIVE
Population-based prospective cohorts in the United States and Europe with self-reported physical activity were analyzed in 2014. 	 OBJECTIVE
A total of 661,137 men and women (median age, 62 years; range, 21-98 years) and 116,686 deaths were included. 	 OBJECTIVE
We used Cox proportional hazards regression with cohort stratification to generate multivariable-adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs. 	 OBJECTIVE
Median follow-up time was 14.2 years. 	 OBJECTIVE
Leisure time moderate- to vigorous-intensity physical activity. 	 EXPOSURES
The upper limit of mortality benefit from high levels of leisure time physical activity. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
Compared with individuals reporting no leisure time physical activity, we observed a 20% lower mortality risk among those performing less than the recommended minimum of 7.5 metabolic-equivalent hours per week (HR, 0.80 [95% CI, 0.78-0.82]), a 31% lower risk at 1 to 2 times the recommended minimum (HR, 0.69 [95% CI, 0.67-0.70]), and a 37% lower risk at 2 to 3 times the minimum (HR, 0.63 [95% CI, 0.62-0.65]). 	 RESULTS
An upper threshold for mortality benefit occurred at 3 to 5 times the physical activity recommendation (HR, 0.61 [95% CI, 0.59-0.62]); however, compared with the recommended minimum, the additional benefit was modest (31% vs 39%). 	 RESULTS
There was no evidence of harm at 10 or more times the recommended minimum (HR, 0.69 [95% CI, 0.59-0.78]). 	 RESULTS
A similar dose-response relationship was observed for mortality due to cardiovascular disease and to cancer. 	 RESULTS
Meeting the 2008 Physical Activity Guidelines for Americans minimum by either moderate- or vigorous-intensity activities was associated with nearly the maximum longevity benefit. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
We observed a benefit threshold at approximately 3 to 5 times the recommended leisure time physical activity minimum and no excess risk at 10 or more times the minimum. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
In regard to mortality, health care professionals should encourage inactive adults to perform leisure time physical activity and do not need to discourage adults who already participate in high-activity levels. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
To determine whether there are risk factors in a doctor's time at medical school that are associated with subsequent professional misconduct. 	 OBJECTIVE
Matched case-control study. 	 DESIGN
Setting Records from medical schools and the General Medical Council (GMC). 	 DESIGN
59 doctors who had graduated from any one of eight medical schools in the United Kingdom in 1958-97 and had a proved finding of serious professional misconduct in GMC proceedings in 1999-2004 (cases); 236 controls (four for each case) were selected by systematic sampling from matching graduation cohorts. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Case-control status was revealed by the GMC after completion of data entry. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Odds ratios for being a "case," with multivariable conditional logistic regression of potential risk factors including pre-admission characteristics and progress during the course. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
These data were obtained from anonymised copies of the students' progress files held by their original medical schools. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
Univariate conditional logistic regression analysis found that cases were more likely to be men, to be of lower estimated social class, and to have had academic difficulties during their medical course, especially in the early years. 	 RESULTS
Multivariable analysis showed that male sex (odds ratio 9.80, 95% confidence interval 2.43 to 39.44, P=0.001), lower social class (4.28, 1.52 to 12.09, P=0.006), and failure of early or preclinical examinations (5.47, 2.17 to 13.79, P<0.001) were independently associated with being a case. 	 RESULTS
This small study suggests that male sex, a lower socioeconomic background, and early academic difficulties at medical school could be risk factors for subsequent professional misconduct. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The findings are preliminary and should be interpreted with caution. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Most doctors with risk factors will not come before the GMC's disciplinary panels. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In Spain, prophylactic vaccination against human papillomavirus (HPV) types 16 and 18 is being offered free-of-charge to one birth cohort of girls aged 11-14. 	 BACKGROUND
Screening is opportunistic (annual/biannual) contributing to social and geographical disparities. 	 BACKGROUND
A multi-HPV-type microsimulation model was calibrated to epidemiologic data from Spain utilising likelihood-based methods to assess the health and economic impact of adding HPV vaccination to cervical cancer screening. 	 METHODS
Strategies included (1) screening alone of women over age 25, varying frequency (every 1-5 years) and test (cytology, HPV DNA testing); (2) HPV vaccination of 11-year-old girls combined with screening. 	 METHODS
Outcomes included lifetime cancer risk, life expectancy, lifetime costs, number of clinical procedures and incremental cost-effectiveness ratios. 	 METHODS
After the introduction of HPV vaccination, screening will need to continue, and strategies that incorporated HPV testing are more effective and cost-effective than those with cytology alone. 	 RESULTS
For vaccinated girls, 5-year organised cytology with HPV testing as triage from ages 30 to 65 costs 24,350€ per year of life saved (YLS), assuming life-long vaccine immunity against HPV-16/18 by 3 doses with 90% coverage. 	 RESULTS
Unvaccinated girls would benefit from organised cytology screening with HPV testing as triage; 5-year screening from ages 30 to 65 costs 16,060€/YLS and 4-year screening from ages 30 to 85 costs 38,250€/YLS. 	 RESULTS
Interventions would be cost-effective depending on the cost-effectiveness threshold and the vaccine price. 	 RESULTS
In Spain, inequitable coverage and overuse of cytology make screening programmes inefficient. 	 CONCLUSIONS
If high vaccination coverage among pre-adolescent girls is achieved, organised cytology screening with HPV triage starting at ages 30 to at least 65 every 4-5 years represents the best balance between costs and benefits. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In patients with a large, multinodular goiter (> 100 g), radiation absorbed doses in the thyroid, surrounding tissues and remainder of the body were estimated after therapeutic administration of 131I(3.7 MBq or 100 microCi/g of thyroid tissue retained at 24 hr). 	 UNLABELLED
Thermoluminescent dosimeter (TLD) measurements were performed on 23 patients (12 euthyroid and 1I hyperthyroid; thyroid weight 222 +/- 	 METHODS
72 g; 2.1 +/- 	 METHODS
0.9 GBq 131I) on the skin over the thyroid, over the submandibular gland and over the parotid gland. 	 METHODS
Thyroid radioactivity measurements were done daily in 6 euthyroid and 6 hyperthyroid patients (thyroid weight 204 +/- 	 METHODS
69 g; 1.9 +/- 	 METHODS
0.9 GBq 131I). 	 METHODS
An iodine biokinetic model and the MIRD methodology were used to estimate absorbed doses in organs. 	 METHODS
Cancer risks were calculated using ICRP Publication 60. 	 METHODS
Cumulated absorbed doses on the skin (TLD measurements) were 4.2 +/- 	 RESULTS
1.4 Gy (thyroid), 1.2 +/- 	 RESULTS
0.6 Gy (submandibular) and 0.4 +/- 	 RESULTS
0.2 Gy (parotid). 	 RESULTS
All these values were significantly correlated with the amount of radioiodine retained in the thyroid at 24 hr (euthyroid versus hyperthyroid not significant). 	 RESULTS
Absorbed doses in the thyroid of 94 +/- 	 RESULTS
25 Gy for euthyroid and 93 +/- 	 RESULTS
17 Gy for hyperthyroid patients were calculated (thyroid radioactivity measurements). 	 RESULTS
Extrathyroidal absorbed doses (means of 12 patients) were 0.88 Gy in the urinary bladder, 0.57 Gy in the small intestine, 0.38 Gy in the stomach, and ranged from 0.05 to 0.30 Gy in other organs (euthyroid versus hyperthyroid not significant). 	 RESULTS
A 1.6% life-time risk of development of cancer outside the thyroid gland was calculated. 	 RESULTS
When applied to people of 65 yr and older the estimated risk is approximately 0.5%. 	 RESULTS
These data may help in choosing the treatment regimen for individual patients with a large, multinodular goiter, who have to be treated for hyperthyroidism or compressive problems. 	 CONCLUSION
In younger patients, surgery may be preferred. 	 CONCLUSION
However, for elderly patients and patients with cardiopulmonary disease, the advantages of noninvasive radioiodine treatment will outweight the life-time risk of this mode of therapy. 	 CONCLUSION
Prospective observational cohort. 	 STUDY DESIGN
To describe the baseline characteristics of patients with a diagnosis of intervertebral disc herniation who had different treatment preferences and the relationship of specific expectations with those preferences. 	 OBJECTIVE
OF BACKGROUND DATA Data were gathered from the observational cohort of the Spine Patient Outcomes Research Trial (SPORT). 	 SUMMARY
Patients in the observational cohort met eligibility requirements identical to those of the randomized cohort, but declined randomization, receiving instead the treatment of their choice. 	 SUMMARY
Baseline preference and expectation data were acquired at the time of enrollment of the patient, before exposure to the informed consent process. 	 METHODS
Univariate analyses were performed using a t test for continuous variables and chi for categorical variables. 	 METHODS
Multivariate analyses were also performed with ANCOVA for continuous variables and logistic regression for categorical variables. 	 METHODS
Multiple logistic regression models were developed in a forward stepwise fashion using blocks of variables. 	 METHODS
More patients preferred operative care: 67% preferred surgery, 28% preferred nonoperative treatment, and 6% were unsure; 53% of those preferring surgery stated a definite preference, whereas only 18% of those preferring nonoperative care had a definite preference. 	 RESULTS
Patients preferring surgery were younger, had lower levels of education, and higher levels of unemployment/disability. 	 RESULTS
This group also reported higher pain, worse physical and mental functioning, more back pain related disability, a longer duration of symptoms, and more opiate use. 	 RESULTS
Gender, race, comorbidities, and use of other therapies did not differ significantly across preference groups. 	 RESULTS
Patients' expectations regarding improvement with nonoperative care was the strongest predictor of preference. 	 RESULTS
Patient expectations, particularly regarding the benefit of nonoperative treatment, are the primary determinant of surgery preference among patients with lumbar intervertebral disc herniation. 	 CONCLUSION
Demographic, functional status, and prior treatment experience had significant associations with patients' expectations and preferences. 	 CONCLUSION
To accurately identify gene expression alterations that differentiate neoplastic from normal prostate epithelium using an approach that avoids contamination by unwanted cellular components and is not compromised by acute gene expression changes associated with tumor devascularization and resulting ischemia. 	 PURPOSE
Approximately 3,000 neoplastic and benign prostate epithelial cells were isolated using laser capture microdissection from snap-frozen prostate biopsy specimens provided by 31 patients who subsequently participated in a clinical trial of preoperative chemotherapy. 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
cDNA synthesized from amplified total RNA was hybridized to custom-made microarrays composed of 6,200 clones derived from the Prostate Expression Database. 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Expression differences for selected genes were verified using quantitative reverse transcription-PCR. 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Comparative analyses identified 954 transcript alterations associated with cancer (q < 0.01%), including 149 differentially expressed genes with no known functional roles. 	 RESULTS
Gene expression changes associated with ischemia and surgical removal of the prostate gland were absent. 	 RESULTS
Genes up-regulated in prostate cancer were statistically enriched in categories related to cellular metabolism, energy use, signal transduction, and molecular transport. 	 RESULTS
Genes down-regulated in prostate cancers were enriched in categories related to immune response, cellular responses to pathogens, and apoptosis. 	 RESULTS
A heterogeneous pattern of androgen receptor expression changes was noted. 	 RESULTS
In exploratory analyses, androgen receptor down-regulation was associated with a lower probability of cancer relapse after neoadjuvant chemotherapy followed by radical prostatectomy. 	 RESULTS
Assessments of tumor phenotypes based on gene expression for treatment stratification and drug targeting of oncogenic alterations may best be ascertained using biopsy-based analyses where the effects of ischemia do not complicate interpretation. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The increasing prevalence of overweight and obesity underscores the need for evidence-based, easily disseminable interventions for weight management that can be delivered on a population basis. 	 BACKGROUND
The Transtheoretical Model (TTM) offers a promising theoretical framework for multiple behavior weight management interventions. 	 BACKGROUND
Overweight or obese adults (BMI 25-39.9; n=1277) were randomized to no-treatment control or home-based, stage-matched multiple behavior interventions for up to three behaviors related to weight management at 0, 3, 6, and 9 months. 	 METHODS
All participants were re-assessed at 6, 12, and 24 months. 	 METHODS
Significant treatment effects were found for healthy eating (47.5% versus 34.3%), exercise (44.90% versus 38.10%), managing emotional distress (49.7% versus 30.30%), and untreated fruit and vegetable intake (48.5% versus 39.0%) progressing to Action/Maintenance at 24 months. 	 RESULTS
The groups differed on weight lost at 24 months. 	 RESULTS
Co-variation of behavior change occurred and was much more pronounced in the treatment group, where individuals progressing to Action/Maintenance for a single behavior were 2.5-5 times more likely to make progress on another behavior. 	 RESULTS
The impact of the multiple behavior intervention was more than three times that of single behavior interventions. 	 RESULTS
This study demonstrates the ability of TTM-based tailored feedback to improve healthy eating, exercise, managing emotional distress, and weight on a population basis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The treatment produced a high level of population impact that future multiple behavior interventions can seek to surpass. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To assess the effect of bezafibrate on the risk of coronary heart disease and stroke in men with lower extremity arterial disease. 	 OBJECTIVE
Double blind placebo controlled randomised trial. 	 DESIGN
85 general practices and nine hospital vascular clinics. 	 SETTING
1568 men, mean age 68.2 years (range 35 to 92) at recruitment. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Bezafibrate 400 mg daily (783 men) or placebo (785 men). 	 INTERVENTIONS
Combination of coronary heart disease and of stroke. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
All coronary events, fatal and non-fatal coronary events separately, and strokes alone (secondary end points). 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Bezafibrate did not reduce the incidence of coronary heart disease and stroke. 	 RESULTS
There were 150 and 160 events in the active and placebo groups respectively (relative risk 0.96, 95% confidence interval 0.76 to 1.21). 	 RESULTS
There were 90 and 111 major coronary events in the active and placebo groups respectively (0.81, 0.60 to 1.08), of which 64 and 65 were fatal (0.95, 0.66 to 1.37) and 26 and 46 non-fatal (0.60, 0.36 to 0.99). 	 RESULTS
Beneficial effects on non-fatal events were greatest in men aged <65 years at entry, in whom benefit was also seen for all coronary events (0.38, 0.20 to 0.72). 	 RESULTS
There were no significant effects in older men. 	 RESULTS
There were 60 strokes in those on active treatment and 49 in those on placebo (1.34, 0.80 to 2.01). 	 RESULTS
There were 204 and 195 deaths from all causes in the two groups respectively (1.03, 0.83 to 1.26). 	 RESULTS
Bezafibrate reduced the severity of intermittent claudication for up to three years. 	 RESULTS
Bezafibrate has no effect on the incidence of coronary heart disease and of stroke combined but may reduce the incidence of non-fatal coronary events, particularly in those aged <65 years at entry, in whom all coronary events may also be reduced. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To examine the traditional view that unawareness of hypoglycaemia and inadequate hypoglycaemic counterregulation in insulin dependent diabetes mellitus are manifestations of autonomic neuropathy. 	 OBJECTIVE
Perspective assessment of unawareness of hypoglycaemia and detailed assessment of autonomic neuropathy in patients with insulin dependent diabetes according to the adequacy of their hypoglycaemic counterregulation. 	 DESIGN
One routine diabetic unit in a university teaching hospital. 	 SETTING
23 Patients aged 21-52 with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (seven with symptoms suggesting autonomic neuropathy, nine with a serious clinical problem with hypoglycaemia, and seven without symptoms of autonomic neuropathy and without problems with hypoglycaemia) and 10 controls with a similar age distribution, without a personal or family history of diabetes. 	 PATIENTS
Presence of autonomic neuropathy as assessed with a test of the longest sympathetic fibres (acetylcholine sweatspot test), a pupil test, and a battery of seven cardiovascular autonomic function tests; adequacy of hypoglycaemic glucose counterregulation during a 40 mU/kg/h insulin infusion test; history of unawareness of hypoglycaemia; and response of plasma pancreatic polypeptide during hypoglycaemia, which depends on an intact and responding autonomic innervation of the pancreas. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
There was little evidence of autonomic neuropathy in either the 12 diabetic patients with a history of unawareness of hypoglycaemia or the seven patients with inadequate hypoglycaemic counterregulation. 	 RESULTS
By contrast, in all seven patients with clear evidence of autonomic neuropathy there was no history of unawareness of hypoglycaemia and in six out of seven there was adequate hypoglycaemic counterregulation. 	 RESULTS
Unawareness of hypoglycaemia and inadequate hypoglycaemic counterregulation were significantly associated (p less than 0.01). 	 RESULTS
The response of plasma pancreatic polypeptide in the diabetic patients with adequate counterregulation but without autonomic neuropathy was not significantly different from that of the controls (change in plasma pancreatic polypeptide 226.8 v 414 pmol/l). 	 RESULTS
The patients with autonomic neuropathy had a negligible plasma pancreatic polypeptide response (3.7 pmol/l), but this response was also blunted in the patients with inadequate hypoglycaemic counterregulation (72.4 pmol/l) compared with that of the controls (p less than 0.05). 	 RESULTS
Unawareness of hypoglycaemia and inadequate glucose counterregulation during hypoglycaemia are related to each other but are not due to autonomic neuropathy. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The blunted plasma pancreatic polypeptide responses of the patients with inadequate hypoglycaemic counterregulation may reflect diminished autonomic activity consequent upon reduced responsiveness of a central glucoregulatory centre, rather than classical autonomic neuropathy. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Observational studies suggest that surgically induced loss of weight may be effective therapy for type 2 diabetes. 	 CONTEXT
To determine if surgically induced weight loss results in better glycemic control and less need for diabetes medications than conventional approaches to weight loss and diabetes control. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Unblinded randomized controlled trial conducted from December 2002 through December 2006 at the University Obesity Research Center in Australia, with general community recruitment to established treatment programs. 	 OBJECTIVE
Participants were 60 obese patients (BMI >30 and <40) with recently diagnosed (<2 years) type 2 diabetes. 	 OBJECTIVE
Conventional diabetes therapy with a focus on weight loss by lifestyle change vs laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding with conventional diabetes care. 	 INTERVENTIONS
Remission of type 2 diabetes (fasting glucose level <126 mg/dL [7.0 mmol/L] and glycated hemoglobin [HbA1c] value <6.2% while taking no glycemic therapy). 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Secondary measures included weight and components of the metabolic syndrome. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Analysis was by intention-to-treat. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Of the 60 patients enrolled, 55 (92%) completed the 2-year follow-up. 	 RESULTS
Remission of type 2 diabetes was achieved by 22 (73%) in the surgical group and 4 (13%) in the conventional-therapy group. 	 RESULTS
Relative risk of remission for the surgical group was 5.5 (95% confidence interval, 2.2-14.0). 	 RESULTS
Surgical and conventional-therapy groups lost a mean (SD) of 20.7% (8.6%) and 1.7% (5.2%) of weight, respectively, at 2 years (P < .001). 	 RESULTS
Remission of type 2 diabetes was related to weight loss (R2 = 0.46, P < .001) and lower baseline HbA1c levels (combined R2 = 0.52, P < .001). 	 RESULTS
There were no serious complications in either group. 	 RESULTS
Participants randomized to surgical therapy were more likely to achieve remission of type 2 diabetes through greater weight loss. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These results need to be confirmed in a larger, more diverse population and have long-term efficacy assessed. 	 CONCLUSIONS
actr.org Identifier: ACTRN012605000159651. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
We previously reported that integrating antiretroviral therapy (ART) with tuberculosis treatment reduces mortality. 	 BACKGROUND
However, the timing for the initiation of ART during tuberculosis treatment remains unresolved. 	 BACKGROUND
We conducted a three-group, open-label, randomized, controlled trial in South Africa involving 642 ambulatory patients, all with tuberculosis (confirmed by a positive sputum smear for acid-fast bacilli), human immunodeficiency virus infection, and a CD4+ T-cell count of less than 500 per cubic millimeter. 	 METHODS
Findings in the earlier-ART group (ART initiated within 4 weeks after the start of tuberculosis treatment, 214 patients) and later-ART group (ART initiated during the first 4 weeks of the continuation phase of tuberculosis treatment, 215 patients) are presented here. 	 METHODS
At baseline, the median CD4+ T-cell count was 150 per cubic millimeter, and the median viral load was 161,000 copies per milliliter, with no significant differences between the two groups. 	 RESULTS
The incidence rate of the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS) or death was 6.9 cases per 100 person-years in the earlier-ART group (18 cases) as compared with 7.8 per 100 person-years in the later-ART group (19 cases) (incidence-rate ratio, 0.89; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.44 to 1.79; P=0.73). 	 RESULTS
However, among patients with CD4+ T-cell counts of less than 50 per cubic millimeter, the incidence rates of AIDS or death were 8.5 and 26.3 cases per 100 person-years, respectively (incidence-rate ratio, 0.32; 95% CI, 0.07 to 1.13; P=0.06). 	 RESULTS
The incidence rates of the immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome (IRIS) were 20.1 and 7.7 cases per 100 person-years, respectively (incidence-rate ratio, 2.62; 95% CI, 1.48 to 4.82; P<0.001). 	 RESULTS
Adverse events requiring a switching of antiretroviral drugs occurred in 10 patients in the earlier-ART group and 1 patient in the later-ART group (P=0.006). 	 RESULTS
Early initiation of ART in patients with CD4+ T-cell counts of less than 50 per cubic millimeter increased AIDS-free survival. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Deferral of the initiation of ART to the first 4 weeks of the continuation phase of tuberculosis therapy in those with higher CD4+ T-cell counts reduced the risks of IRIS and other adverse events related to ART without increasing the risk of AIDS or death. 	 CONCLUSIONS
(Funded by the U.S. President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief and others; SAPIT ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00398996.). 	 CONCLUSIONS
& AIMS HBV covalently closed circular DNA (cccDNA), the replicative intermediate responsible for persistent HBV infection of hepatocytes, is the template for transcription of all viral mRNAs. 	 BACKGROUND
Nuclear cccDNA accumulates as a stable episome organized into minichromosomes by histone and nonhistone proteins. 	 BACKGROUND
In this study we investigated, by a newly developed sensitive and specific assay, the relationship between viral replication and HBV chromatin assembly, transcription, and interaction with viral and cellular regulatory proteins. 	 BACKGROUND
To achieve this aim we coupled a quantitative chromatin immunoprecipitation (ChIP) technique to an established method that allows the amplification of virion-encapsidated HBV genomes after transfection of linear HBV DNA into human hepatoma HuH7 cells. 	 METHODS
The cccDNA-ChIP technique was also applied to study HBV minichromosome transcriptional regulation in liver tissue from HBV-infected patients. 	 METHODS
The use of anti-acetyl-H4/-H3 specific antibodies to immunoprecipitate transcriptionally active chromatin revealed that HBV replication is regulated by the acetylation status of the cccDNA-bound H3/H4 histones. 	 RESULTS
Class I histone deacetylases inhibitors induced an evident increase of both cccDNA-bound acetylated H4 and HBV replication. 	 RESULTS
Finally, histones hypoacetylation and histone deacetylase 1 recruitment onto the cccDNA in liver tissue correlated with low HBV viremia in hepatitis B patients. 	 RESULTS
We developed a ChIP-based assay to analyze, in vitro and ex vivo, the transcriptional regulation of HBV cccDNA minichromosome. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Our results provide new insights on the regulation of HBV replication and identify the enzymatic activities that modulate the acetylation of cccDNA-bound histones as new therapeutic targets for anti-HBV drugs. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The circadian clock gene Bmal1 is involved in cancer cell proliferation and DNA damage sensitivity. 	 PURPOSE
The aim of this study was to explore the effect of Bmal1 on oxaliplatin sensitivity and to determine its clinical significance in colorectal cancer. 	 PURPOSE
Three colorectal cancer cell lines, HCT116, THC8307 and HT29, were used. 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
The Bmal1-mediated control of colorectal cancer cell proliferation was tested in vitro and in vivo. 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
and colony formation assays were performed to determine the sensitivity of colorectal cancer cells to oxaliplatin. 	 MTT
Flow cytometry was used to examine changes in the cell-cycle distribution and apoptosis rate. 	 MTT
Proteins expressed downstream of Bmal1 upon its overexpression were determined by Western blotting. 	 MTT
Immunohistochemistry was used to analyze Bmal1 expression in 82 archived colorectal cancer tumors from patients treated with oxaliplatin-based regimens. 	 MTT
Bmal1 overexpression inhibited colorectal cancer cell proliferation and increased colorectal cancer sensitivity to oxaliplatin in three colorectal cancer cell lines and HCT116 cells model in vivo. 	 RESULTS
Furthermore, the overall survival of patients with colorectal cancer with high Bmal1 levels in their primary tumors was significantly longer than that of patients with low Bmal1 levels (27 vs. 19 months; P = 0.043). 	 RESULTS
The progression-free survival of patients with high Bmal1 expression was also significantly longer than that of patients with low Bmal1 expression (11 vs. 5 months; P = 0.015). 	 RESULTS
Mechanistically, the effect of Bmal1 was associated with its ability to regulate G2-M arrest by activating the ATM pathway. 	 RESULTS
Bmal1 shows the potential as a novel prognostic biomarker and may represent a new therapeutic target in colorectal cancer. 	 CONCLUSION
The incidence of distal forearm fractures in children peaks around the time of the pubertal growth spurt, possibly because physical activity increases at the time of a transient deficit in cortical bone mass due to the increased calcium demand during maximal skeletal growth. 	 CONTEXT
Changes in physical activity or diet may therefore influence risk of forearm fracture. 	 CONTEXT
To determine whether there has been a change in the incidence of distal forearm fractures in children in recent years. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PATIENTS Population-based study among Rochester, Minn, residents younger than 35 years with distal forearm fractures in 1969-1971, 1979-1981, 1989-1991, and 1999-2001. 	 OBJECTIVE
Estimated incidence of distal forearm fractures in 4 time periods. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
Comparably age- and sex-adjusted annual incidence rates per 100 000 increased from 263.3 (95% confidence interval [CI], 231.1-295.4) in 1969-1971 to 322.3 (95% CI, 285.3-359.4) in 1979-1981 and to 399.8 (95% CI, 361.0-438.6) in 1989-1991 before leveling off at 372.9 (95% CI, 339.1-406.7) in 1999-2001. 	 RESULTS
Age-adjusted incidence rates per 100 000 were 32% greater among male residents in 1999-2001 compared with 1969-1971 (409.4 [95% CI, 359.9-459.0] vs 309.4 [95% CI, 259.3-359.5]; P =.01) and 56% greater among female residents in the same time periods (334.3 [95% CI, 288.6-380.1] vs 214.6 [95% CI, 174.9-254.4]; P<.001). 	 RESULTS
The peak incidence and greatest increase occurred between ages 11 and 14 years in boys and 8 and 11 years in girls. 	 RESULTS
There has been a statistically significant increase in the incidence of distal forearm fractures in children and adolescents, but whether this is due to changing patterns of physical activity, decreased bone acquisition due to poor calcium intake, or both is unclear at present. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Given the large number of childhood fractures, however, studies are needed to define the cause(s) of this increase. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Although many next-generation sequencing (NGS) read preprocessing tools already existed, we could not find any tool or combination of tools that met our requirements in terms of flexibility, correct handling of paired-end data and high performance. 	 MOTIVATION
We have developed Trimmomatic as a more flexible and efficient preprocessing tool, which could correctly handle paired-end data. 	 MOTIVATION
The value of NGS read preprocessing is demonstrated for both reference-based and reference-free tasks. 	 RESULTS
Trimmomatic is shown to produce output that is at least competitive with, and in many cases superior to, that produced by other tools, in all scenarios tested. 	 RESULTS
Trimmomatic is licensed under GPL V3. 	 AVAILABILITY AND IMPLEMENTATION
It is cross-platform (Java 1.5+ required) and available at http://www.usadellab.org/cms/index.php?page=trimmomatic   CONTACT usadel@bio1.rwth-aachen.de   SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION Supplementary data are available at Bioinformatics online. 	 AVAILABILITY AND IMPLEMENTATION
Coalitions of multinational food and drink businesses have pledged to reformulate their products and to market them responsibly. 	 UNLABELLED
Largely business-led and self-regulated, the integrity of these voluntary initiatives has been questioned. 	 UNLABELLED
The Public Health Responsibility Deal in England is an example of a voluntary initiative that is government-led. 	 UNLABELLED
Does this approach provide evidence that with public leadership there is potential for voluntary actions to deliver meaningful results for public health? 	 UNLABELLED
The subject of the research is the calorie reduction initiative of the Responsibility Deal. 	 METHODS
Source material was obtained primarily through a series of UK Freedom of Information requests and comprises previously unpublished Department of Health documentation relating to relevant meetings held during 2011 and 2012. 	 METHODS
The Responsibility Deal approach to calorie reduction deliberately involves the food industry in the specification of the measures it is to implement (reformulation and portion control). 	 RESULTS
Finding the common ground between private and public interests has resulted in the deflection of public health objectives and the preclusion of adequate monitoring and evaluation. 	 RESULTS
The Responsibility Deal approach is fundamentally flawed in its expectation that industry will take voluntary actions that prioritise public health interests above its own. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Being government-led counts for little in the absence of sanctions to drive compliance. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Instead the initiative affords private interests the opportunity to influence in their favour the public health policies and strategies that affect their products. 	 CONCLUSIONS
A novel method of microarray preprocessing--Frozen Robust Multi-array Analysis (fRMA)--has recently been developed. 	 BACKGROUND
This algorithm allows the user to preprocess arrays individually while retaining the advantages of multi-array preprocessing methods. 	 BACKGROUND
The frozen parameter estimates required by this algorithm are generated using a large database of publicly available arrays. 	 BACKGROUND
Curation of such a database and creation of the frozen parameter estimates is time-consuming; therefore, fRMA has only been implemented on the most widely used Affymetrix platforms. 	 BACKGROUND
We present an R package, frmaTools, that allows the user to quickly create his or her own frozen parameter vectors. 	 RESULTS
We describe how this package fits into a preprocessing workflow and explore the size of the training dataset needed to generate reliable frozen parameter estimates. 	 RESULTS
This is followed by a discussion of specific situations in which one might wish to create one's own fRMA implementation. 	 RESULTS
For a few specific scenarios, we demonstrate that fRMA performs well even when a large database of arrays in unavailable. 	 RESULTS
By allowing the user to easily create his or her own fRMA implementation, the frmaTools package greatly increases the applicability of the fRMA algorithm. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The frmaTools package is freely available as part of the Bioconductor project. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Readmission soon after hospital discharge is an expensive and often preventable event for patients with heart failure. 	 BACKGROUND
We present a model approved by the National Quality Forum for the purpose of public reporting of hospital-level readmission rates by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. 	 BACKGROUND
We developed a hierarchical logistic regression model to calculate hospital risk-standardized 30-day all-cause readmission rates for patients hospitalized with heart failure. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The model was derived with the use of Medicare claims data for a 2004 cohort and validated with the use of claims and medical record data. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The unadjusted readmission rate was 23.6%. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The final model included 37 variables, had discrimination ranging from 15% observed 30-day readmission rate in the lowest predictive decile to 37% in the upper decile, and had a c statistic of 0.60. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The 25th and 75th percentiles of the risk-standardized readmission rates across 4669 hospitals were 23.1% and 24.0%, with 5th and 95th percentiles of 22.2% and 25.1%, respectively. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The odds of all-cause readmission for a hospital 1 standard deviation above average was 1.30 times that of a hospital 1 standard deviation below average. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
State-level adjusted readmission rates developed with the use of the claims model are similar to rates produced for the same cohort with the use of a medical record model (correlation, 0.97; median difference, 0.06 percentage points). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
This claims-based model of hospital risk-standardized readmission rates for heart failure patients produces estimates that may serve as surrogates for those derived from a medical record model. 	 CONCLUSIONS
& AIMS Helicobacter pylori-induced gastric epithelial cell (GEC) apoptosis is a complex process that includes activation of the tumor suppressor p53. 	 BACKGROUND
p53-mediated apoptosis involves p53 activation, bax transcription, and cytochrome c release from mitochondria. 	 BACKGROUND
Apurinic/apyrimidinic endonuclease-1 (APE-1) regulates transcriptional activity of p53, and H pylori induce APE-1 expression in human GECs. 	 BACKGROUND
H pylori infection increases intracellular calcium ion concentration [Ca2+]i of GECs, which induces APE-1 acetylation. 	 BACKGROUND
We investigated the effects of H pylori infection and APE-1 acetylation on GEC apoptosis. 	 BACKGROUND
cells (wild-type or with suppressed APE-1), KATO III cells, and cells isolated from gastric biopsy specimens were infected with H pylori. 	 METHODS AGS
Effects were examined by immunoblotting, real-time reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction, immunoprecipitation, immunofluorescence microscopy, chromatin immunoprecipitation, mobility shift, DNA binding, and luciferase assays. 	 METHODS AGS
H pylori infection increased [Ca2+]i and acetylation of APE-1 in GECs, but the acetylation status of APE-1 did not affect the transcriptional activity of p53. 	 RESULTS
In GECs, expression of a form of APE-1 that could not be acetylated increased total and mitochondrial levels of Bax and induced release of cytochrome c and fragmentation of DNA; expression of wild-type APE-1 reduced these apoptotic events. 	 RESULTS
We identified a negative calcium response element in the human bax promoter and found that poly (adenosine diphosphate-ribose) polymerase 1 recruited the acetylated APE-1/histone deacetylase-1 repressor complex to bax nCaRE. 	 RESULTS
H pylori-mediated acetylation of APE-1 suppresses Bax expression; this prevents p53-mediated apoptosis when H pylori infect GECs. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Prior to emergence in human populations, zoonoses such as SARS cause occasional infections in human populations exposed to reservoir species. 	 BACKGROUND
The risk of widespread epidemics in humans can be assessed by monitoring the reproduction number R (average number of persons infected by a human case). 	 BACKGROUND
However, until now, estimating R required detailed outbreak investigations of human clusters, for which resources and expertise are not always available. 	 BACKGROUND
Additionally, existing methods do not correct for important selection and under-ascertainment biases. 	 BACKGROUND
Here, we present simple estimation methods that overcome many of these limitations. 	 BACKGROUND
Our approach is based on a parsimonious mathematical model of disease transmission and only requires data collected through routine surveillance and standard case investigations. 	 METHODS
We apply it to assess the transmissibility of swine-origin influenza A H3N2v-M virus in the US, Nipah virus in Malaysia and Bangladesh, and also present a non-zoonotic example (cholera in the Dominican Republic). 	 METHODS
Estimation is based on two simple summary statistics, the proportion infected by the natural reservoir among detected cases (G) and among the subset of the first detected cases in each cluster (F). 	 METHODS
If detection of a case does not affect detection of other cases from the same cluster, we find that R can be estimated by 1-G; otherwise R can be estimated by 1-F when the case detection rate is low. 	 METHODS
In more general cases, bounds on R can still be derived. 	 METHODS
We have developed a simple approach with limited data requirements that enables robust assessment of the risks posed by emerging zoonoses. 	 CONCLUSIONS
We illustrate this by deriving transmissibility estimates for the H3N2v-M virus, an important step in evaluating the possible pandemic threat posed by this virus. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Please see later in the article for the Editors' Summary. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Dealing with heterogeneity in meta-analyses is often tricky, and there is only limited advice for authors on what to do. 	 BACKGROUND
We investigated how authors addressed different degrees of heterogeneity, in particular whether they used a fixed effect model, which assumes that all the included studies are estimating the same true effect, or a random effects model where this is not assumed. 	 BACKGROUND
We sampled randomly 60 Cochrane reviews from 2008, which presented a result in its first meta-analysis with substantial heterogeneity (I2 greater than 50%, i.e. more than 50% of the variation is due to heterogeneity rather than chance). 	 METHODS
We extracted information on choice of statistical model, how the authors had handled the heterogeneity, and assessed the methodological quality of the reviews in relation to this. 	 METHODS
The distribution of heterogeneity was rather uniform in the whole I2 interval, 50-100%. 	 RESULTS
A fixed effect model was used in 33 reviews (55%), but there was no correlation between I2 and choice of model (P = 0.79). 	 RESULTS
We considered that 20 reviews (33%), 16 of which had used a fixed effect model, had major problems. 	 RESULTS
The most common problems were: use of a fixed effect model and lack of rationale for choice of that model, lack of comment on even severe heterogeneity and of reservations and explanations of its likely causes. 	 RESULTS
The problematic reviews had significantly fewer included trials than other reviews (4.3 vs. 8.0, P = 0.024). 	 RESULTS
The problems became less pronounced with time, as those reviews that were most recently updated more often used a random effects model. 	 RESULTS
One-third of Cochrane reviews with substantial heterogeneity had major problems in relation to their handling of heterogeneity. 	 CONCLUSION
More attention is needed to this issue, as the problems we identified can be essential for the conclusions of the reviews. 	 CONCLUSION
To summarise the long term efficacy of anti-obesity drugs in reducing weight and improving health status. 	 OBJECTIVE
Updated meta-analysis of randomised trials. 	 DESIGN
Medline, Embase, the Cochrane controlled trials register, the Current Science meta-register of controlled trials, and reference lists of identified articles. 	 DATA SOURCES
All data sources were searched from December 2002 (end date of last search) to December 2006. 	 DATA SOURCES
Double blind randomised placebo controlled trials of approved anti-obesity drugs used in adults (age over 18) for one year or longer. 	 STUDIES REVIEWED
30 trials of one to four years' duration met the inclusion criteria: 16 orlistat (n=10 631 participants), 10 sibutramine (n=2623), and four rimonabant (n=6365). 	 RESULTS
Of these, 14 trials were new and 16 had previously been identified. 	 RESULTS
Attrition rates averaged 30-40%. 	 RESULTS
Compared with placebo, orlistat reduced weight by 2.9 kg (95% confidence interval 2.5 kg to 3.2 kg), sibutramine by 4.2 kg (3.6 kg to 4.7 kg), and rimonabant by 4.7 kg (4.1 kg to 5.3 kg). 	 RESULTS
Patients receiving active drug treatment were significantly more likely to achieve 5% and 10% weight loss thresholds. 	 RESULTS
Orlistat reduced the incidence of diabetes and improved concentrations of total cholesterol and low density lipoprotein cholesterol, blood pressure, and glycaemic control in patients with diabetes but increased rates of gastrointestinal side effects and slightly lowered concentrations of high density lipoprotein. 	 RESULTS
Sibutramine improved [corrected] concentrations of high density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides [corrected] Rimonabant improved concentrations of high density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides, blood pressure, and glycaemic control in patients with diabetes but increased the risk of mood disorders. 	 RESULTS
Orlistat, sibutramine, and rimonabant modestly reduce weight, have differing effects on cardiovascular risk profiles, and have specific adverse effects. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Mesh surgeries are counted among the most frequently applied surgical procedures. 	 PURPOSE
Despite global spread of mesh applying surgeries, there is no current systematic analysis of incidence and possible prevention of adverse events after mesh implantation. 	 PURPOSE
Based on the recommendations of IDEAL an in vitro test system for biocompatibility of surgical meshes has been generated (Innovation). 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
Coating strategies for biocompatibility optimization have been developed (Development). 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
The native and modified alloplastic materials have been tested in an animal model over 2 years (Exploration and Assessment and Long-term study). 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
In 3 meshes, implanted in sheep and explanted at 4 different time points (a, 3 months; b, 6 months; c, 12 months; and d, 24 months) over 24 months, thickness of inflammatory tissue (TVT a, 35 µm; b, 32 µm; c, 33 µm; d, 28 µm; UltraPro, a, 25 µm; b, 24 µm; c, 21 µm; d, 22 µm; PVDF a, 20 µm; b, 21 µm; c, 14 µm; d, 15µm), connective tissue (TVT a, 37 µm; b, 36 µm; c, 43 µm; d, 41 µm; UltraPro a, 33 µm; b, 32 µm; c, 40 µm; d, 38 µm; PVDF a, 25 µm; b, 22 µm; c, 22 µm; d, 24 µm), and macrophage infiltration (TVT a, 36%; b, 33%; c, 23%; d, 20%; UltraPro a, 34%; b, 28%; c, 25%; d, 22%; PVDF a, 24%; b, 18%; c, 18%; d, 16%) revealed comparable ranking characteristics at every time point after explantation. 	 RESULTS
The in vivo performance of these meshes in a sheep model was predictable with a previously developed in vitro test system. 	 RESULTS
Coating of meshes with autologous plasma prior to implantation seems to have a positive effect on the meshes biocompatibility. 	 RESULTS
We have applied IDEAL criteria on a new innovation for surgical meshes. 	 CONCLUSION
The results permit the generation of a ranking of currently available meshes with potential to optimize future meshes. 	 CONCLUSION
Preclinical diastolic dysfunction (PDD) has been defined as subjects with normal systolic function, diastolic dysfunction but no symptoms of heart failure (HF). 	 BACKGROUND
The clinical phenotype and natural history of the syndrome remains poorly defined. 	 BACKGROUND
This study's objective was to determine the clinical phenotype and progression to HF in a group of patients with normal systolic function and moderate or severe diastolic dysfunction as determinate by Doppler criteria without any clinical diagnosis of HF according to the Framingham criteria or any symptoms of HF, specifically dyspnoea, oedema or fatigue at the time of echocardiography. 	 BACKGROUND
The authors used resources of the Mayo Clinic echocardiography database to consecutively select among patients who had an echocardiogram in 2005, a cohort with moderate or severe diastolic dysfunction by Doppler criteria and EF >or=50%. 	 METHODS
Patients could not have a diagnosis of HF, or any HF symptoms-specifically dyspnoea, oedema or fatigue-at the time of echocardiography; nor grade 3 or greater valvular dysfunction (except tricuspid valve). 	 METHODS
A total of 82 patients had their medical chart reviewed. 	 METHODS
Primary endpoint was the time to the development of (1) HF according to the Framingham criteria or (2) any symptoms of dyspnoea, oedema or fatigue. 	 METHODS
The mean age of the cohort of PDD subjects was 69+/-10 years with a female (67%) preponderance. 	 RESULTS
Presence of hypertension was 76%, coronary artery disease was 29%, paroxysmal atrial fibrillation was 26%, estimated creatinine clearance <60 ml/min was 51%. 	 RESULTS
The 2-year cumulative probability of development of HF according to the Framingham criteria was 1.9%; however, the 2-year cumulative probability of development of any symptoms was 31.1%. 	 RESULTS
The 2-year cumulative probability for cardiac hospitalisation was 21.2%. 	 RESULTS
Peripheral vascular disease and hypertension were independently associated with increased likelihood for the development of symptoms. 	 RESULTS
The study demonstrates that hypertension, hyperlipidaemia, CAD and renal dysfunction are prevalent in patients with PDD. 	 CONCLUSION
More importantly, although the progression to the development of clinical HF over 2 years was low, there was a moderate degree of progression to development of symptoms and cardiac hospitalisations over 2 years. 	 CONCLUSION
Based on the finding that only PVD and hypertension were independently associated with the progression to the development of symptoms in subject with PDD, the authors speculate that ventricular-arterial interaction may be important to the progression of diastolic dysfunction to the development of symptoms. 	 CONCLUSION
The objective of this study was to evaluate the effectiveness of a brief, 4-session cognitive behavioral, group psychotherapy for binge eating among bariatric surgery candidates at an academic medical center. 	 BACKGROUND
Binge eating behaviors have been linked to poorer outcomes among bariatric surgery patients, and binge eating disorder have be considered a contraindication in surgery programs, some of which have mandated preoperative binge eating treatment. 	 BACKGROUND
However, no previous studies have examined whether a preoperative binge eating intervention could successfully reduce binge eating behaviors among severely obese bariatric surgery candidates. 	 BACKGROUND
A total of 243 bariatric surgery candidates completed a brief cognitive behavioral group treatment for binge eating behaviors and were administered the Binge Eating Scale and reported the number of weekly binge eating episodes at the initial psychological evaluation and again after the group sessions. 	 METHODS
The study used a pre-post intervention design. 	 METHODS
The results suggested significant reductions in both binge eating behaviors and cognitions and binge eating episodes after the group intervention. 	 RESULTS
The intervention's effectiveness did not differ according to gender or ethnicity (black versus white). 	 RESULTS
A brief cognitive behavioral intervention can reduce binge eating behaviors among bariatric surgery candidates. 	 CONCLUSION
Given the potential influence of binge eating on outcomes, bariatric surgery programs could benefit by treating binge eating before surgery. 	 CONCLUSION
To systematically review the evidence that smoking cessation after diagnosis of a primary lung tumour affects prognosis. 	 OBJECTIVE
Systematic review with meta-analysis. 	 DESIGN
(from 1981), Embase (from 1980), Medline (from 1966), Web of Science (from 1966), CENTRAL (from 1977) to December 2008, and reference lists of included studies. 	 DATA SOURCES CINAHL
Randomised controlled trials or observational longitudinal studies that measured the effect of quitting smoking after diagnosis of lung cancer on prognostic outcomes, regardless of stage at presentation or tumour histology, were included. 	 STUDY SELECTION
Two researchers independently identified studies for inclusion and extracted data. 	 DATA EXTRACTION
Estimates were combined by using a random effects model, and the I(2) statistic was used to examine heterogeneity. 	 DATA EXTRACTION
Life tables were used to model five year survival for early stage non-small cell lung cancer and limited stage small cell lung cancer, using death rates for continuing smokers and quitters obtained from this review. 	 DATA EXTRACTION
In 9/10 included studies, most patients studied were diagnosed as having an early stage lung tumour. 	 RESULTS
Continued smoking was associated with a significantly increased risk of all cause mortality (hazard ratio 2.94, 95% confidence interval 1.15 to 7.54) and recurrence (1.86, 1.01 to 3.41) in early stage non-small cell lung cancer and of all cause mortality (1.86, 1.33 to 2.59), development of a second primary tumour (4.31, 1.09 to 16.98), and recurrence (1.26, 1.06 to 1.50) in limited stage small cell lung cancer. 	 RESULTS
No study contained data on the effect of quitting smoking on cancer specific mortality or on development of a second primary tumour in non-small cell lung cancer. 	 RESULTS
Life table modelling on the basis of these data estimated 33% five year survival in 65 year old patients with early stage non-small cell lung cancer who continued to smoke compared with 70% in those who quit smoking. 	 RESULTS
In limited stage small cell lung cancer, an estimated 29% of continuing smokers would survive for five years compared with 63% of quitters on the basis of the data from this review. 	 RESULTS
This review provides preliminary evidence that smoking cessation after diagnosis of early stage lung cancer improves prognostic outcomes. 	 CONCLUSIONS
From life table modelling, the estimated number of deaths prevented is larger than would be expected from reduction of cardiorespiratory deaths after smoking cessation, so most of the mortality gain is likely to be due to reduced cancer progression. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These findings indicate that offering smoking cessation treatment to patients presenting with early stage lung cancer may be beneficial. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Conflicting information exists about whether sex differences modulate short-term mortality following acute coronary syndromes (ACS). 	 CONTEXT
To investigate the relationship between sex and 30-day mortality in ACS, and to determine whether this relationship was modified by clinical syndrome or coronary anatomy using a large database across the spectrum of ACS and adjusting for potentially confounding clinical covariates. 	 OBJECTIVES
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS A convenience sample of patients pooled from 11 independent, international, randomized ACS clinical trials between 1993 and 2006 whose databases are maintained at the Duke Clinical Research Institute, Durham, North Carolina. 	 OBJECTIVES
Of 136 247 patients, 38 048 (28%) were women; 102 004 (26% women) with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI), 14 466 (29% women) with non-STEMI (NSTEMI), and 19 777 (40% women) with unstable angina. 	 OBJECTIVES
Thirty-day mortality following ACS. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
Thirty-day mortality was 9.6% in women and 5.3% in men (odds ratio [OR], 1.91; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.83-2.00). 	 RESULTS
After multivariable adjustment, mortality was not significantly different between women and men (adjusted OR, 1.06; 95% CI, 0.99-1.15). 	 RESULTS
A significant sex by type of ACS interaction was demonstrated (P < .001). 	 RESULTS
In STEMI, 30-day mortality was higher among women (adjusted OR, 1.15; 95% CI, 1.06-1.24), whereas in NSTEMI (adjusted OR, 0.77; 95% CI, 0.63-0.95) and unstable angina, mortality was lower among women (adjusted OR, 0.55; 95% CI, 0.43-0.70). 	 RESULTS
In a cohort of 35 128 patients with angiographic data, women more often had nonobstructive (15% vs 8%) and less often had 2-vessel (25% vs 28%) and 3-vessel (23% vs 26%) coronary disease, regardless of ACS type. 	 RESULTS
After additional adjustment for angiographic disease severity, 30-day mortality among women was not significantly different than men, regardless of ACS type. 	 RESULTS
The relationship between sex and 30-day mortality was similar across the levels of angiographic disease severity (P for interaction = .70). 	 RESULTS
Sex-based differences existed in 30-day mortality among patients with ACS and vary depending on clinical presentation. 	 CONCLUSIONS
However, these differences appear to be largely explained by clinical differences at presentation and severity of angiographically documented disease. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Several studies have shown that testing for high-risk human papillomavirus (HPV) types results in an improved sensitivity for CIN2+, compared with cytology, although with a somewhat lower specificity. 	 BACKGROUND
We obtained follow-up results, with at least one smear after participation in the HART study, which compared HPV testing (HC-II) with cytology as a primary screening modality. 	 METHODS
With a median follow-up of 6 years, 42 additional cases of CIN2+ were identified; women who were HPV positive at baseline were more likely to develop CIN2+ than those who were HPV negative (hazard ratio (HR) 17.2; 95% confidence interval (CI) (9.3-31.6)) and the risk increased with increasing viral load. 	 RESULTS
Compared with HPV-negative women (relative light unit (RLU) <1), the HR (95% CI) was 5.4 (1.6, 18.2) for 1-10 RLU and 25.5 (13.6, 47.9) for RLU > or = 10. 	 RESULTS
Positive cytology (borderline or worse compared with negative) was also predictive of developing CIN2, although to a lesser extent (HR 8.7; 95% CI (4.5-17.1)). 	 RESULTS
Only one case of CIN3 and three cases of CIN2 were found in women who showed a positive cytology result but were HPV negative at baseline. 	 RESULTS
After 5 years of follow-up, CIN2+ occurred in 0.23% of women who were HPV negative at baseline compared with 0.48% of women who showed a negative cytology result, indicating a much longer low-risk interval for CIN2+ after HPV testing. 	 CONCLUSION
Blindness due to trachoma is avoidable through Surgery, Antibiotics, Facial hygiene and Environmental improvements (SAFE). 	 BACKGROUND
Recent surveys have shown trachoma to be a serious cause of blindness in Southern Sudan. 	 BACKGROUND
We conducted this survey in Ayod County of Jonglei State to estimate the need for intervention activities to eliminate blinding trachoma. 	 BACKGROUND
A cross-sectional two-stage cluster random survey was conducted in November 2006. 	 METHODOLOGY AND FINDINGS
All residents of selected households were clinically assessed for trachoma using the World Health Organization (WHO) simplified grading scheme. 	 METHODOLOGY AND FINDINGS
A total of 2,335 people from 392 households were examined, of whom 1,107 were over 14 years of age. 	 METHODOLOGY AND FINDINGS
Prevalence of signs of active trachoma in children 1-9 years of age was: trachomatous inflammation follicular (TF) = 80.1% (95% confidence interval [CI], 73.9-86.3); trachomatous inflammation intense (TI) = 60.7% (95% CI, 54.6-66.8); and TF and/or TI (active trachoma) = 88.3% (95% CI, 83.7-92.9). 	 METHODOLOGY AND FINDINGS
Prevalence of trachomatous trichiasis (TT) was 14.6% (95% CI, 10.9-18.3) in adults over 14 years of age; 2.9% (95% CI, 0.4-5.3) in children 1-14 years of age; and 8.4% (95% CI, 5.5-11.3) overall. 	 METHODOLOGY AND FINDINGS
The prevalence of corneal opacity in persons over 14 years of age with TT was 6.4% (95% CI, 4.5-8.3). 	 METHODOLOGY AND FINDINGS
No statistically significant difference was observed in the prevalence of trachoma signs between genders. 	 METHODOLOGY AND FINDINGS
Trachoma affected almost all households surveyed: 384/392 (98.0%) had at least one person with active trachoma and 130 (33.2%) had at least one person with trichiasis. 	 METHODOLOGY AND FINDINGS
Trachoma is an unnecessary public health problem in Ayod. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The high prevalence of active trachoma and trichiasis confirms the severe burden of blinding trachoma found in other post-conflict areas of Southern Sudan. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Based on WHO recommended thresholds, all aspects of the SAFE strategy are indicated to eliminate blinding trachoma in Ayod. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To explore the use of local civil registration data to assess the perinatal mortality in a typical rural county in a less developed province in China, 1999-2000. 	 OBJECTIVES
Retrospective cohort study. 	 DESIGN
Pregnancies in a cohort of women followed from registration of pregnancy to outcome of infant seven days after birth. 	 DESIGN
Routine family planning records in 20 rural townships in eastern China. 	 SETTING
3697 pregnancies registered by the local family planning system during 1999. 	 SUBJECTS
Abortions, stillbirths, early neonatal mortality, perinatal mortality. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Only three cases were lost to follow up. 	 RESULTS
The average age of the women at pregnancy was 25.9 years. 	 RESULTS
Three hundred and twelve pregnancies were aborted and 240 ended in miscarriage (total 552, 15%). 	 RESULTS
The perinatal mortality rate was 69 per 1000 births, the rate of stillbirth was 24 per 1000 births, and the early neonatal mortality was 46 per 1000 live births. 	 RESULTS
The early neonatal mortality was 29 in boys and 69 in girls per 1000 live births. 	 RESULTS
The perinatal mortality rate increased notably with parity and was higher in townships having lower income per capita. 	 RESULTS
The family planning system at the most local level is a useful data source for studying perinatal mortality in rural China. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The perinatal mortality rate in the study county was higher than previously reported for both rural and urban areas in China. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The results by parity and sex of the infant raise concern over the impact of the one child policy. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Crohn's disease (CD)-associated dysbiosis is characterised by a loss of Faecalibacterium prausnitzii, whose culture supernatant exerts an anti-inflammatory effect both in vitro and in vivo. 	 BACKGROUND
However, the chemical nature of the anti-inflammatory compounds has not yet been determined. 	 BACKGROUND
Peptidomic analysis using mass spectrometry was applied to F. prausnitzii supernatant. 	 METHODS
Anti-inflammatory effects of identified peptides were tested in vitro directly on intestinal epithelial cell lines and on cell lines transfected with a plasmid construction coding for the candidate protein encompassing these peptides. 	 METHODS
In vivo, the cDNA of the candidate protein was delivered to the gut by recombinant lactic acid bacteria to prevent dinitrobenzene sulfonic acid (DNBS)-colitis in mice. 	 METHODS
The seven peptides, identified in the F. prausnitzii culture supernatants, derived from a single microbial anti-inflammatory molecule (MAM), a protein of 15 kDa, and comprising 53% of non-polar residues. 	 RESULTS
This last feature prevented the direct characterisation of the putative anti-inflammatory activity of MAM-derived peptides. 	 RESULTS
Transfection of MAM cDNA in epithelial cells led to a significant decrease in the activation of the nuclear factor (NF)-κB pathway with a dose-dependent effect. 	 RESULTS
Finally, the use of a food-grade bacterium, Lactococcus lactis, delivering a plasmid encoding MAM was able to alleviate DNBS-induced colitis in mice. 	 RESULTS
A 15 kDa protein with anti-inflammatory properties is produced by F. prausnitzii, a commensal bacterium involved in CD pathogenesis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This protein is able to inhibit the NF-κB pathway in intestinal epithelial cells and to prevent colitis in an animal model. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Recurrent miscarriage (RM) is diagnosed when a woman has had three or more miscarriages. 	 INTRODUCTION
Increased levels of distress and anxiety are common during the waiting period of any subsequent pregnancies, posing a significant threat to psychological well-being. 	 INTRODUCTION
However, only limited support and therapy are available for these women, and many are left to cope alone. 	 INTRODUCTION
The Positive Reappraisal Coping Intervention (PRCI) is a novel self-administered supportive technique which has been shown to be effective in patients awaiting the outcome of in vitro fertilisation treatment. 	 INTRODUCTION
The primary objective of this study is to assess the feasibility and effectiveness of the PRCI in improving quality of life in the difficult waiting period which women with previous RM endure before an ongoing pregnancy can be confirmed. 	 INTRODUCTION
A randomised controlled trial (RCT) feasibility study will establish the viability of conducting a multicentre RCT to definitively test the effects of the PRCI on the psychological well-being of women who have experienced RM during the initial waiting period of a subsequent pregnancy. 	 METHODS AND ANALYSIS
A second component consists of a qualitative process evaluation exploring the initial experience of pregnancy following repeated miscarriages. 	 METHODS AND ANALYSIS
Participants (n=50) will be randomised into one of two groups. 	 METHODS AND ANALYSIS
The PRCI intervention group will receive the PRCI card and weekly questionnaires to assess their psychological well-being during the waiting period of their new pregnancy. 	 METHODS AND ANALYSIS
The non-intervention group will be asked to complete the same weekly questionnaires. 	 METHODS AND ANALYSIS
The qualitative process analysis will employ semistructured interviews (n=20) to address relevant aspects of the study objectives. 	 METHODS AND ANALYSIS
Ethics approval has been obtained from the National Research Ethics Service Committee South Central-Hampshire A. Participating centres have given National Health Service R&D approval. 	 ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION
Study findings will be disseminated through peer reviewed journals, national and international conferences and lay user groups. 	 ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION
ISRCTN43571276. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER
This study was registered with the ISRCTN 18/02/2014 following adoption onto the United Kingdom Clinical Research Network (UKCRN) portfolio. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER
Recruitment of the first participant occurred 04/02/2014. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER
It is not yet known whether DNA methylation levels can be used to accurately predict age across a broad spectrum of human tissues and cell types, nor whether the resulting age prediction is a biologically meaningful measure. 	 BACKGROUND
I developed a multi-tissue predictor of age that allows one to estimate the DNA methylation age of most tissues and cell types. 	 RESULTS
The predictor, which is freely available, was developed using 8,000 samples from 82 Illumina DNA methylation array datasets, encompassing 51 healthy tissues and cell types. 	 RESULTS
I found that DNA methylation age has the following properties: first, it is close to zero for embryonic and induced pluripotent stem cells; second, it correlates with cell passage number; third, it gives rise to a highly heritable measure of age acceleration; and, fourth, it is applicable to chimpanzee tissues. 	 RESULTS
Analysis of 6,000 cancer samples from 32 datasets showed that all of the considered 20 cancer types exhibit significant age acceleration, with an average of 36 years. 	 RESULTS
Low age-acceleration of cancer tissue is associated with a high number of somatic mutations and TP53 mutations, while mutations in steroid receptors greatly accelerate DNA methylation age in breast cancer. 	 RESULTS
Finally, I characterize the 353 CpG sites that together form an aging clock in terms of chromatin states and tissue variance. 	 RESULTS
I propose that DNA methylation age measures the cumulative effect of an epigenetic maintenance system. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This novel epigenetic clock can be used to address a host of questions in developmental biology, cancer and aging research. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Diabetes mellitus is a major risk factor for adverse outcomes after acute coronary syndromes (ACS). 	 BACKGROUND
Because this disease may be associated with increased platelet aggregation, we investigated whether diabetic patients with ACS derive particular benefit from platelet glycoprotein (GP) IIb/IIIa receptor inhibition. 	 BACKGROUND
We performed a meta-analysis of the diabetic populations enrolled in the 6 large-scale platelet GP IIb/IIIa inhibitor ACS trials: PRISM, PRISM-PLUS, PARAGON A, PARAGON B, PURSUIT, and GUSTO IV. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Among 6458 diabetic patients, platelet GP IIb/IIIa inhibition was associated with a significant mortality reduction at 30 days, from 6.2% to 4.6% (OR 0.74; 95% CI 0.59 to 0.92; P=0.007). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Conversely, 23 072 nondiabetic patients had no survival benefit (3.0% versus 3.0%). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The interaction between platelet GP IIb/IIIa inhibition and diabetic status was statistically significant (P=0.036). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Among 1279 diabetic patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) during index hospitalization, the use of these agents was associated with a mortality reduction at 30 days from 4.0% to 1.2% (OR 0.30; 95% CI 0.14 to 0.69; P=0.002). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
This meta-analysis, including the entire large-scale trial experience of intravenous platelet GP IIb/IIIa inhibitors for the medical management of non-ST-segment-elevation ACS, shows that these agents may significantly reduce mortality at 30 days in diabetic patients. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Although not based on a randomized assessment, the survival benefit appears to be of greater magnitude in patients undergoing PCI. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Therefore, the use of platelet GP IIb/IIIa inhibitors should be strongly considered in diabetic patients with ACS. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Concussion and subconcussive impacts have been associated with short-term disrupted cognitive performance in collegiate athletes, but there are limited data on their long-term neuroanatomic and cognitive consequences. 	 IMPORTANCE
To assess the relationships of concussion history and years of football experience with hippocampal volume and cognitive performance in collegiate football athletes. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Cross-sectional study conducted between June 2011 and August 2013 at a US psychiatric research institute specializing in neuroimaging among collegiate football players with a history of clinician-diagnosed concussion (n = 25), collegiate football players without a history of concussion (n = 25), and non-football-playing, age-, sex-, and education-matched healthy controls (n = 25). 	 OBJECTIVE
History of clinician-diagnosed concussion and years of football experience. 	 EXPOSURES
High-resolution anatomical magnetic resonance imaging was used to quantify brain volumes. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
Baseline scores on a computerized concussion-related cognitive battery were used for cognitive assessment in athletes. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
Players with and without a history of concussion had smaller hippocampal volumes relative to healthy control participants (with concussion: t48 = 7.58; P < .001; mean difference, 1788 μL; 95% CI, 1317-2258 μL; without concussion: t48 = 4.35; P < .001, mean difference, 1027 μL; 95% CI, 556-1498 μL). 	 RESULTS
Players with a history of concussion had smaller hippocampal volumes than players without concussion (t48 = 3.15; P < .001; mean difference, 761 μL; 95% CI, 280-1242 μL). 	 RESULTS
In both athlete groups, there was a statistically significant inverse relationship between left hippocampal volume and number of years of football played (t46 = -3.62; P < .001; coefficient = -43.54; 95% CI, -67.66 to -19.41). 	 RESULTS
Behavioral testing demonstrated no differences between athletes with and without a concussion history on 5 cognitive measures but did show an inverse correlation between years of playing football and reaction time (ρ42 = -0.43; 95% CI, -0.46 to -0.40; P = .005). 	 RESULTS
Among a group of collegiate football athletes, there was a significant inverse relationship of concussion and years of football played with hippocampal volume. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
Years of football experience also correlated with slower reaction time. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
Further research is needed to determine the temporal relationships of these findings. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
Significant symptoms of depression are common in the older community-dwelling population. 	 CONTEXT
Although depressive symptoms and disability may commonly occur in the same person, whether depressive symptoms contribute to subsequent functional decline has not been elucidated. 	 CONTEXT
To determine whether depressive symptoms in older persons increase the risk of subsequent decline in physical function as measured by objective performance-based tests. 	 OBJECTIVE
A 4-year prospective cohort study. 	 DESIGN
The communities of Iowa and Washington counties, Iowa. 	 SETTING
A total of 1286 persons aged 71 years and older who completed a short battery of physical performance tests in 1988 and again 4 years later. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Baseline depressive symptoms were assessed by the Center for Epidemiological Studies Depression Scale. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Physical performance tests included an assessment of standing balance, a timed 2.4-m (8-ft) walk, and a timed test of 5 repetitions of rising from a chair and sitting down. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
After adjustment for baseline performance score, health status, and sociodemographic factors, increasing levels of depressive symptoms were predictive of greater decline in physical performance over 4 years (odds ratio for decline in those with depressed mood vs those without, 1.55; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.02-2.34). 	 RESULTS
Even among those at the high end of the functional spectrum, who reported no disability, the severity of depressive symptoms predicted subsequent decline in physical performance (odds ratio for decline, 1.03; 95% CI, 1.00-1.08). 	 RESULTS
This study provides evidence that older persons who report depressive symptoms are at higher risk of subsequent physical decline. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These results suggest that prevention or reduction of depressed mood could play a role in reducing functional decline in older persons. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Three large, randomized trials of patients with bone metastases recently demonstrated that zoledronic acid reduces the risk of skeletal-related events. 	 PURPOSE
These trials provide an opportunity for investigating the correlation between bone metabolism and clinical outcome during bisphosphonate therapy. 	 PURPOSE
Urinary measurements of N-telopeptide (Ntx) and serum bone alkaline phosphatase (BAP) were obtained in 1,824 bisphosphonate-treated patients-1,462 with zoledronic acid (breast, 490; prostate, 411; myeloma, 210; non-small-cell lung, 183; other, 168) and 362 with pamidronate (breast, 254; myeloma, 108). 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
This exploratory cohort analysis grouped patients by baseline and most recent levels of Ntx as low (< 50 nmol/mmol creatinine), moderate (50 to 99 nmol/mmol creatinine), or high (> or = 100 nmol/mmol creatinine), and BAP as low (< 146 U/L) or high (> or = 146 U/L). 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
The relative risks for negative clinical outcomes were estimated for each group using multiple-event and Cox regression models with time-varying covariates. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Patients with high and moderate Ntx levels had 2-fold increases in their risk of skeletal complications and disease progression compared with patients with low Ntx levels (P < .001 for all). 	 RESULTS
High Ntx levels in each solid tumor category were associated with a 4- to 6-fold increased risk of death on study, and moderate Ntx levels a 2- to 4-fold increased risk compared with low Ntx levels (P < .001 for all). 	 RESULTS
Bone alkaline phosphatase also showed some correlation with risk of negative clinical outcomes. 	 RESULTS
The bone resorption marker Ntx provides valuable prognostic information in patients with bone metastases receiving bisphosphonates. 	 CONCLUSION
For over 20 years the association between sarcoidosis and malignancy, particularly lymphoma and lung cancer, has been disputed with misclassification being the major concern. 	 BACKGROUND
The aim of the present study was to analyse the incidence of malignancies in a cohort of patients with sarcoidosis by linkage to a nationwide population based cancer register. 	 BACKGROUND
The cohort comprised 254 patients followed for a median of 25 years until death, emigration, or 31 December 1992, whichever came first. 	 METHODS
The expected number of cancer cases was calculated using the annual age and sex specific cancer rates from the Danish Cancer Registry. 	 METHODS
Thirty six cancers were registered, three of which were misclassified as sarcoidosis, leaving 33 cancers compared with 23 expected (standardised incidence ratio (SIR) = 1.4; 95% CI 0.99 to 2.0). 	 RESULTS
Five lung cancers were observed compared with 2.5 expected, yielding an SIR of 2.0 (95% CI 0.7 to 4.7). 	 RESULTS
There was no incidence of lymphoma and only one case of leukaemia. 	 RESULTS
There was a significant excess number of pharyngeal cancers based on two cases (SIR = 15.4; 95% CI 1.7 to 56). 	 RESULTS
This study does not support the theory of an association between sarcoidosis and malignancy, and the main reason other studies have shown such an association is most likely to have been due to selection bias and misclassification. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Dendritic cells (DC) are the professional antigen-presenting cells of the immune system, fully equipped to prime naive T cells and thus essential components for cancer immunotherapy. 	 BACKGROUND
We tested the influence of several elements (cPPT, trip, WPRE, SIN) on the transduction efficiency of human DC. 	 METHODS
Human and murine DC were transduced with tNGFR-encoding lentiviruses to assess the effect of transduction on phenotype and function. 	 METHODS
Human DC were transduced with lentiviruses encoding huIi80MAGE-A3 and murine DC with huIi80tOVA to test antigen presentation. 	 METHODS
A self-inactivating (SIN) lentiviral vector containing the trip element was most efficient in transducing human DC. 	 RESULTS
The transduction of DC with trip/SIN tNGFR encoding lentiviral vectors at MOI 15 resulted in stable gene expression in up to 94.6% (murine) and 88.2% (human) of the mature DC, without perturbing viability, phenotype and function. 	 RESULTS
Human huIi80MAGE-A3-transduced DC were able to stimulate MAGE-A3-specific CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cell clones and could prime both MAGE-A3-specific CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells in vitro. 	 RESULTS
Murine huIi80tOVA-transduced DC were able to present OVA peptides in the context of MHC class I and class II in vitro and induced a strong OVA-specific cytotoxic T lymphocyte response in vivo, that was protective against subsequent challenge with OVA-expressing tumor cells. 	 RESULTS
We show that, using lentiviral vectors, efficient gene transfer in human and murine DC can be obtained and that these DC can elicit antigen-specific immune responses in vitro and in vivo. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The composition of the transfer vector has a major impact on the transduction efficiency. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Noninvasive ventilation (NIV) has been associated with lower rates of endotracheal intubation in populations of patients with acute respiratory failure. 	 CONTEXT
To compare NIV with standard treatment using supplemental oxygen administration to avoid endotracheal intubation in recipients of solid organ transplantation with acute hypoxemic respiratory failure. 	 OBJECTIVE
Prospective randomized study conducted at a 14-bed, general intensive care unit of a university hospital. 	 DESIGN AND SETTING
Of 238 patients who underwent solid organ transplantation from December 1995 to October 1997, 51 were treated for acute respiratory failure. 	 PATIENTS
Of these, 40 were eligible and 20 were randomized to each group. 	 PATIENTS
Noninvasive ventilation vs standard treatment with supplemental oxygen administration. 	 INTERVENTION
The need for endotracheal intubation and mechanical ventilation at any time during the study, complications not present on admission, duration of ventilatory assistance, length of hospital stay, and intensive care unit mortality. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
The 2 groups were similar at study entry. 	 RESULTS
Within the first hour of treatment, 14 patients (70%) in the NIV group, and 5 patients (25%) in the standard treatment group improved their ratio of the PaO2 to the fraction of inspired oxygen (FIO2). 	 RESULTS
Over time, a sustained improvement in PaO2 to FIO2 was noted in 12 patients (60%) in the NIV group, and in 5 patients (25%) randomized to standard treatment (P = .03). 	 RESULTS
The use of NIV was associated with a significant reduction in the rate of endotracheal intubation (20% vs 70%; P = .002), rate of fatal complications (20% vs 50%; P = .05), length of stay in the intensive care unit by survivors (mean [SD] days, 5.5 [3] vs 9 [4]; P = .03), and intensive care unit mortality (20% vs 50%; P = .05). 	 RESULTS
Hospital mortality did not differ. 	 RESULTS
These results indicate that transplantation programs should consider NIV in the treatment of selected recipients of transplantation with acute respiratory failure. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Interleukin (IL)-12 exerts a potent proinflammatory effect by stimulating T-helper (Th) 1 responses. 	 BACKGROUND
This effect is believed to be mediated primarily through the activation of STAT4 and subsequent production of interferon (IFN)-gamma. 	 BACKGROUND
Methods and Results- We examined the role of IL-12 receptor (IL-12R) signaling in the development of murine experimental autoimmune myocarditis (EAM) induced by cardiac myosin immunization. 	 BACKGROUND
Both IL-12Rbeta1-deficient mice and STAT4-deficient mice were resistant to the induction of myocarditis. 	 BACKGROUND
Treatment with exogenous IL-12 exacerbated disease. 	 BACKGROUND
We questioned whether IFN-gamma is required for the disease-promoting activity of IL-12. 	 BACKGROUND
On the contrary, we found that IFN-gamma suppresses EAM. 	 BACKGROUND
Lack of IFN-gamma due to either depletion with an antibody or a genetic deficiency exacerbated myocarditis. 	 BACKGROUND
Spleens from IFN-gamma-deficient mice immunized with cardiac myosin showed increased cellularity; greater numbers of CD3+, CD4+, CD8+, and IL-2-producing cells; and heightened ability to produce cytokines on stimulation in vitro. 	 BACKGROUND
Treatment of mice with recombinant IFN-gamma suppressed the development of myocarditis. 	 BACKGROUND
IL-12/IL-12R/STAT4 signaling promotes the development of EAM. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In contrast, IFN-gamma plays a protective role. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The disease-limiting effects of IFN-gamma might be explained by its ability to control the expansion of activated T lymphocytes. 	 CONCLUSIONS
We have developed techniques to implant angiogenic patches onto the epicardium over regions of infarcted cardiac tissue to stimulate revascularization of the damaged tissue. 	 BACKGROUND
These experiments used a scaffold-based 3D human dermal fibroblast culture (3DFC) as an epicardial patch. 	 BACKGROUND
The 3DFC contains viable cells that secrete angiogenic growth factors and has previously been shown to stimulate angiogenic activity. 	 BACKGROUND
The hypothesis tested was that a viable 3DFC cardiac patch would stimulate an angiogenic response within an area of infarcted cardiac tissue. 	 BACKGROUND
A coronary occlusion of a branch of the left anterior descending coronary artery was performed by thermal ligation in severe combined immunodeficient mice. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
3DFCs with or without viable cells were sized to the damaged area, implanted in replicate mice onto the epicardium at the site of tissue injury, and compared with animals that received infarct surgery but no implant. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Fourteen and 30 days after surgery, hearts were exposed and photographed, and tissue samples were prepared for histology and cytochemistry. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Fourteen and 30 days after surgery, the damaged myocardium receiving viable 3DFC exhibited a significantly greater angiogenic response (including arterioles, venules, and capillaries) than nonviable and untreated control groups. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
In this animal model, viable 3DFC stimulates angiogenesis within a region of cardiac infarction and can augment a repair response in damaged tissue. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Therefore, a potential use for 3DFC is the repair of myocardial tissue damaged by infarction. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Glaucoma is the leading cause of global irreversible blindness. 	 PURPOSE
Present estimates of global glaucoma prevalence are not up-to-date and focused mainly on European ancestry populations. 	 PURPOSE
We systematically examined the global prevalence of primary open-angle glaucoma (POAG) and primary angle-closure glaucoma (PACG), and projected the number of affected people in 2020 and 2040. 	 PURPOSE
Systematic review and meta-analysis. 	 DESIGN
Data from 50 population-based studies (3770 POAG cases among 140,496 examined individuals and 786 PACG cases among 112 398 examined individuals). 	 PARTICIPANTS
We searched PubMed, Medline, and Web of Science for population-based studies of glaucoma prevalence published up to March 25, 2013. 	 METHODS
Hierarchical Bayesian approach was used to estimate the pooled glaucoma prevalence of the population aged 40-80 years along with 95% credible intervals (CrIs). 	 METHODS
Projections of glaucoma were estimated based on the United Nations World Population Prospects. 	 METHODS
Bayesian meta-regression models were performed to assess the association between the prevalence of POAG and the relevant factors. 	 METHODS
Prevalence and projection numbers of glaucoma cases. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
The global prevalence of glaucoma for population aged 40-80 years is 3.54% (95% CrI, 2.09-5.82). 	 RESULTS
The prevalence of POAG is highest in Africa (4.20%; 95% CrI, 2.08-7.35), and the prevalence of PACG is highest in Asia (1.09%; 95% CrI, 0.43-2.32). 	 RESULTS
In 2013, the number of people (aged 40-80 years) with glaucoma worldwide was estimated to be 64.3 million, increasing to 76.0 million in 2020 and 111.8 million in 2040. 	 RESULTS
In the Bayesian meta-regression model, men were more likely to have POAG than women (odds ratio [OR], 1.36; 95% CrI, 1.23-1.52), and after adjusting for age, gender, habitation type, response rate, and year of study, people of African ancestry were more likely to have POAG than people of European ancestry (OR, 2.80; 95% CrI, 1.83-4.06), and people living in urban areas were more likely to have POAG than those in rural areas (OR, 1.58; 95% CrI, 1.19-2.04). 	 RESULTS
The number of people with glaucoma worldwide will increase to 111.8 million in 2040, disproportionally affecting people residing in Asia and Africa. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These estimates are important in guiding the designs of glaucoma screening, treatment, and related public health strategies. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Islet-reactive CD8(+) T-cells play a key role in the pathogenesis of type 1 diabetes in the NOD mouse. 	 OBJECTIVE
The predominant T-cell specificities change over time, but whether similar shifts also occur after clinical diagnosis and insulin treatment in type 1 diabetic patients is unknown. 	 OBJECTIVE
METHODS 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND
We took advantage of a recently validated islet-specific CD8(+) T-cell gamma-interferon enzyme-linked immunospot (ISL8Spot) assay to follow responses against preproinsulin (PPI), GAD, insulinoma-associated protein 2 (IA-2), and islet-specific glucose-6-phosphatase catalytic subunit-related protein (IGRP) epitopes in 15 HLA-A2(+) adult type 1 diabetic patients close to diagnosis and at a second time point 7-16 months later. 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND
CD8(+) T-cell reactivities were less frequent at follow-up, as 28.6% of responses tested positive at type 1 diabetes diagnosis vs. 13.2% after a median of 11 months (P = 0.003). 	 RESULTS
While GAD and IA-2 autoantibody (aAb) titers were unchanged in 75% of cases, the fraction of patients responding to PPI and/or GAD epitopes by ISL8Spot decreased from 60-67 to 20% (P < 0.02). 	 RESULTS
The previously subdominant IA-2(206-214) and IGRP(265-273) peptides were newly targeted, thus becoming the immunodominant epitopes. 	 RESULTS
Shifts both in frequency and in immunodominance of CD8(+) T-cell responses occur more rapidly than do changes in aAb titers. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These different kinetics may suggest complementary clinical applications for T-cell and aAb measurements. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The goal of this study is to look at the geographic growth patterns of community-acquired methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections in our local region and to determine if specific geographic areas are at increased risk. 	 PURPOSE
After Institution Review Board approval (132603-3), a retrospective chart review was conducted of 614 patients who underwent incision and drainage of an abscess by a single pediatric surgical practice from January 2004 to December 2008. 	 METHODS
In addition, previously published data from 195 patients who underwent incision and drainage of an abscess from January 2000 to December 2003 were reviewed. 	 METHODS
The most commonly cultured organism found in the pediatric population undergoing incision and drainage was S aureus (n = 388), of which 258 (66%) were methicillin resistant. 	 RESULTS
This is a 21% increase from the rate of MRSA cultures identified from 2000 to 2003. 	 RESULTS
Geographic information system space-time analysis showed that a cluster of 14 MRSA cases was located within a 1.44-km radius between 2000 and 2003, and 5 separate clusters of more than 20 MRSA infection cases each were identified in 3 separate cities over the 8-year time span using geographic information system spatial analysis (P value = .001). 	 RESULTS
Methicillin-resistant S aureus has now become the most prevalent organism isolated from cultures of community-acquired abscesses requiring incision and drainage in the pediatric population in our local region. 	 CONCLUSION
Significant clustering of MRSA infections has appeared in several different cities within our geographic region. 	 CONCLUSION
Ankylosing spondylitis (AS) and spondyloarthropathy (SpA) are inflammatory diseases of unknown etiology. 	 OBJECTIVE
Various exogenous and endogenous (inherited) factors play a role in their development. 	 OBJECTIVE
Sulfasalazine (SSZ) is generally accepted as a disease modifying drug in the treatment of AS and SpA. Which part of SSZ, 5-acetylsalicylic acid (5-ASA, mesalazine) or sulfapyridine (SP), is the effective moiety is unknown. 	 OBJECTIVE
As the bowel, colon, and the ileum play an important role in the development of AS and SpA, it may be possible that 5-ASA is the effective moiety, with a similar mode of action as in the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease. 	 OBJECTIVE
To determine the efficacy of 5-ASA an open pilot study was done in 2 groups of patients with SpA.   METHODS Twenty patients with SpA, who were taking SSZ, were switched to 5-ASA (Pentasa), and 19 patients with active SpA were treated with 5-ASA without previous administration of SSZ. 	 OBJECTIVE
In the first group, 17 (85%) patients responded with respect to the physician global clinical assessment compared to the previous SSZ treatment period; whereas in the second patient group a statistically significant improvement was obtained in erythrocyte sedimentation rate. 	 RESULTS
The results support our hypothesis that 5-ASA might be the active moiety of SSZ in the treatment of SpA. 	 CONCLUSION
Physical inactivity contributes to weight gain in adults, but whether this relationship is true for children of different ethnic groups is not well established. 	 CONTEXT
To assess participation in vigorous activity and television watching habits and their relationship to body weight and fatness in US children. 	 OBJECTIVE
Nationally representative cross-sectional survey with an in-person interview and medical examination. 	 DESIGN
Between 1988 and 1994, 4063 children aged 8 through 16 years were examined as part of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey III. 	 SETTING AND PARTICIPANTS
Mexican Americans and non-Hispanic blacks were oversampled to produce reliable estimates for these groups. 	 SETTING AND PARTICIPANTS
Episodes of weekly vigorous activity and daily hours of television watched, and their relationship to body mass index and body fatness. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Eighty percent of US children reported performing 3 or more bouts of vigorous activity each week. 	 RESULTS
This rate was lower in non-Hispanic black and Mexican American girls (69% and 73%, respectively). 	 RESULTS
Twenty percent of US children participated in 2 or fewer bouts of vigorous activity perweek, and the rate was higher in girls (26%) than in boys (17%). 	 RESULTS
Overall, 26% of US children watched 4 or more hours of television per day and 67% watched at least 2 hours per day. 	 RESULTS
Non-Hispanic black children had the highest rates of watching 4 or more hours of television per day (42%). 	 RESULTS
Boys and girls who watch 4 or more hours of television each day had greater body fat (P<.001) and had a greater body mass index (P<.001) than those who watched less than 2 hours per day. 	 RESULTS
Many US children watch a great deal of television and are inadequately vigorously active. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Vigorous activity levels are lowest among girls, non-Hispanic blacks, and Mexican Americans. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Intervention strategies to promote lifelong physical activity among US children are needed to stem the adverse health consequences of inactivity. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Organophosphorus pesticide (OP) self-poisoning is a major problem in the developing rural world. 	 BACKGROUND
There is little clinical trial data to guide therapy, hindering the identification of best therapy. 	 BACKGROUND
Despite the recognition of adverse effects, gastric lavage is commonly done in Asia. 	 BACKGROUND
We aimed to identify studies assessing its effectiveness. 	 BACKGROUND
We systematically searched the literature for controlled clinical studies that assessed the effect of gastric lavage in OP pesticide self-poisoning. 	 METHOD
All 56 studies identified were Chinese and reported benefit from the intervention studied, including multiple gastric lavages, use of norepinephrine or pralidoxime in the lavage fluid, concurrent treatment with naloxone or scopolamine, insertion of the gastric tube via a laparotomy incision, and lavage later than 12 h post-ingestion. 	 RESULTS
However, only 23 were RCTs and none presented adequate methodology for their quality to be assessed. 	 RESULTS
The patient population and study treatment protocol were not defined - large variation in case fatality in the control arm of the studies (from 4.5 to 93%) suggests marked variation between studies and likely between study arms. 	 RESULTS
No study compared an intervention against a control group receiving no gastric lavage or provided any data to indicate whether a significant quantity of poison was removed. 	 RESULTS
Despite widespread use of multiple gastric lavages for OP pesticide poisoning across Asia, there is currently no high-quality evidence to support its clinical effectiveness. 	 CONCLUSION
There is a need for studies to identify in which patients and for what duration gastric lavage is able to remove significant quantities of poison. 	 CONCLUSION
Following these studies, large clinical trials will be required to address the effectiveness and safety of gastric lavage (either single or multiple) in acute OP pesticide poisoning. 	 CONCLUSION
Recent studies suggested that human/mammalian genomes are divided into large, discrete domains that are units of chromosome organization. 	 BACKGROUND
CTCF, a CCCTC binding factor, has a diverse role in genome regulation including transcriptional regulation, chromosome-boundary insulation, DNA replication, and chromatin packaging. 	 BACKGROUND
It remains unclear whether a subset of CTCF binding sites plays a functional role in establishing/maintaining chromatin topological domains. 	 BACKGROUND
We systematically analysed the genomic, transcriptomic and epigenetic profiles of the CTCF binding sites in 56 human cell lines from ENCODE. 	 RESULTS
We identified ~24,000 CTCF sites (referred to as constitutive sites) that were bound in more than 90% of the cell lines. 	 RESULTS
Our analysis revealed: 1) constitutive CTCF loci were located in constitutive open chromatin and often co-localized with constitutive cohesin loci; 2) most constitutive CTCF loci were distant from transcription start sites and lacked CpG islands but were enriched with the full-spectrum CTCF motifs: a recently reported 33/34-mer and two other potentially novel (22/26-mer); 3) more importantly, most constitutive CTCF loci were present in CTCF-mediated chromatin interactions detected by ChIA-PET and these pair-wise interactions occurred predominantly within, but not between, topological domains identified by Hi-C.   CONCLUSIONS Our results suggest that the constitutive CTCF sites may play a role in organizing/maintaining the recently identified topological domains that are common across most human cells. 	 RESULTS
Patients with signs and symptoms of heart failure and a normal left ventricular ejection fraction are said to have diastolic heart failure. 	 BACKGROUND
It has traditionally been thought that the pathophysiological cause of heart failure in these patients is an abnormality in the diastolic properties of the left ventricle; however, this hypothesis remains largely unproven. 	 BACKGROUND
We prospectively identified 47 patients who met the diagnostic criteria for definite diastolic heart failure; all the patients had signs and symptoms of heart failure, a normal ejection fraction, and an increased left ventricular end-diastolic pressure. 	 METHODS
Ten patients who had no evidence of cardiovascular disease served as controls. 	 METHODS
Left ventricular diastolic function was assessed by means of cardiac catheterization and echocardiography. 	 METHODS
The patients with diastolic heart failure had abnormal left ventricular relaxation and increased left ventricular chamber stiffness. 	 RESULTS
The mean (+/-SD) time constant for the isovolumic-pressure decline (tau) was longer in the group with diastolic heart failure than in the control group (59+/-14 msec vs. 35+/-10 msec, P=0.01). 	 RESULTS
The diastolic pressure-volume relation was shifted up and to the left in the patients with diastolic heart failure as compared with the controls. 	 RESULTS
The corrected left ventricular passive-stiffness constant was significantly higher in the group with diastolic heart failure than in the control group (0.03+/-0.01 vs. 0.01+/-0.01, P<0.001). 	 RESULTS
Patients with heart failure and a normal ejection fraction have significant abnormalities in active relaxation and passive stiffness. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In these patients, the pathophysiological cause of elevated diastolic pressures and heart failure is abnormal diastolic function. 	 CONCLUSIONS
We explored the subjective effects associated with olanzapine, risperidone and older antipsychotics. 	 OBJECTIVE
We conducted a content analysis of an Internet database of comments about prescribed medications. 	 METHOD
We analysed 223 comments on risperidone, 170 on olanzapine and 46 relating to three older antipsychotics. 	 RESULTS
The predominant subjective effects produced by all drugs consisted of sedation, cognitive impairment and emotional flattening or indifference. 	 RESULTS
Connections appeared between these effects and Parkinsonian-like symptoms with the older drugs, sexual impairment with risperidone and metabolic effects with olanzapine. 	 RESULTS
The experience of akathisia was frequently linked to suicidal thoughts. 	 RESULTS
Some respondents described how the drugs' subjective effects helped to reduce symptoms of mania, psychosis and anxiety. 	 RESULTS
The generalisability of Internet data is uncertain. 	 CONCLUSION
However, the data suggest that adverse subjective effects play a central role in the experience of taking antipsychotic drugs and may be related to the drugs' desired benefits. 	 CONCLUSION
White matter hyperintensities (WMHs) are areas of increased signal on T2-weighted magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans that most commonly reflect small vessel cerebrovascular disease. 	 OBJECTIVE
Increased WMH volume is associated with risk and progression of Alzheimer's disease (AD). 	 OBJECTIVE
These observations are typically interpreted as evidence that vascular abnormalities play an additive, independent role contributing to symptom presentation, but not core features of AD. 	 OBJECTIVE
We examined the severity and distribution of WMH in presymptomatic PSEN1, PSEN2, and APP mutation carriers to determine the extent to which WMH manifest in individuals genetically determined to develop AD. 	 OBJECTIVE
The study comprised participants (n = 299; age = 39.03 ± 10.13) from the Dominantly Inherited Alzheimer Network, including 184 (61.5%) with a mutation that results in AD and 115 (38.5%) first-degree relatives who were noncarrier controls. 	 METHODS
We calculated the estimated years from expected symptom onset (EYO) by subtracting the affected parent's symptom onset age from the participant's age. 	 METHODS
Baseline MRI data were analyzed for total and regional WMH. 	 METHODS
Mixed-effects piece-wise linear regression was used to examine WMH differences between carriers and noncarriers with respect to EYO. 	 METHODS
Mutation carriers had greater total WMH volumes, which appeared to increase approximately 6 years before expected symptom onset. 	 RESULTS
Effects were most prominent for the parietal and occipital lobe, which showed divergent effects as early as 22 years before estimated onset. 	 RESULTS
Autosomal-dominant AD is associated with increased WMH well before expected symptom onset. 	 INTERPRETATION
The findings suggest the possibility that WMHs are a core feature of AD, a potential therapeutic target, and a factor that should be integrated into pathogenic models of the disease. 	 INTERPRETATION
Ann Neurol 2016;79:929-939. 	 INTERPRETATION
Topiramate (TOP) blocks glutamate receptors and facilitates GABA (γ-aminobutyric acid) neurotransmission, effects that may facilitate smoking cessation. 	 INTRODUCTION
We compared the effects of behavioral counseling combined with (a) TOP, (b) TOP/nicotine patch (TOP/NIC), or (c) placebo (PLC) for smoking cessation. 	 INTRODUCTION
We conducted a 10-week randomized trial in which subjects and research personnel were blinded to TOP versus PLC but not to the TOP/NIC patch condition. 	 METHODS
In groups receiving TOP, the medication dosage was titrated gradually up to 200 mg/day. 	 METHODS
The smoking quit date (QD) was scheduled after 2 weeks of medication treatment. 	 METHODS
condition. 	 NIC
The main outcome measure was the end-of-treatment, 4-week continuous abstinence rate (CAR; biochemically confirmed). 	 NIC
Fifty-seven subjects were randomized to treatment. 	 RESULTS
The 4-week CAR was 1 of 19 (5%) in the PLC group, 5 of 19 (26%) in the TOP group, and 7 of 19 (37%) in the TOP/NIC group (p = .056). 	 RESULTS
Pairwise comparisons showed a difference between TOP/NIC and PLC (p = .042) and a nonsignificant difference between TOP and PLC (p = .18). 	 RESULTS
The PLC group gained 0.37 lb/week, the TOP group lost 0.41 lb/week, and the TOP/NIC group lost 0.07 lb/week (p = .004). 	 RESULTS
Pairwise comparisons showed a difference between TOP and PLC (p < .001) and between TOP/NIC and PLC groups (p = .035). 	 RESULTS
Paresthesia was more frequent in subjects on TOP than PLC (p = .011). 	 RESULTS
TOP, alone or in combination with the NIC, resulted in a numerically higher quit rate than PLC and decreased weight. 	 CONCLUSIONS
A larger, PLC-controlled trial is needed to confirm these findings. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Understanding the major health problems in the United States and how they are changing over time is critical for informing national health policy. 	 IMPORTANCE
To measure the burden of diseases, injuries, and leading risk factors in the United States from 1990 to 2010 and to compare these measurements with those of the 34 countries in the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) countries. 	 OBJECTIVES
We used the systematic analysis of descriptive epidemiology of 291 diseases and injuries, 1160 sequelae of these diseases and injuries, and 67 risk factors or clusters of risk factors from 1990 to 2010 for 187 countries developed for the Global Burden of Disease 2010 Study to describe the health status of the United States and to compare US health outcomes with those of 34 OECD countries. 	 DESIGN
Years of life lost due to premature mortality (YLLs) were computed by multiplying the number of deaths at each age by a reference life expectancy at that age. 	 DESIGN
Years lived with disability (YLDs) were calculated by multiplying prevalence (based on systematic reviews) by the disability weight (based on population-based surveys) for each sequela; disability in this study refers to any short- or long-term loss of health. 	 DESIGN
Disability-adjusted life-years (DALYs) were estimated as the sum of YLDs and YLLs. 	 DESIGN
Deaths and DALYs related to risk factors were based on systematic reviews and meta-analyses of exposure data and relative risks for risk-outcome pairs. 	 DESIGN
Healthy life expectancy (HALE) was used to summarize overall population health, accounting for both length of life and levels of ill health experienced at different ages. 	 DESIGN
US life expectancy for both sexes combined increased from 75.2 years in 1990 to 78.2 years in 2010; during the same period, HALE increased from 65.8 years to 68.1 years. 	 RESULTS
The diseases and injuries with the largest number of YLLs in 2010 were ischemic heart disease, lung cancer, stroke, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and road injury. 	 RESULTS
Age-standardized YLL rates increased for Alzheimer disease, drug use disorders, chronic kidney disease, kidney cancer, and falls. 	 RESULTS
The diseases with the largest number of YLDs in 2010 were low back pain, major depressive disorder, other musculoskeletal disorders, neck pain, and anxiety disorders. 	 RESULTS
As the US population has aged, YLDs have comprised a larger share of DALYs than have YLLs. 	 RESULTS
The leading risk factors related to DALYs were dietary risks, tobacco smoking, high body mass index, high blood pressure, high fasting plasma glucose, physical inactivity, and alcohol use. 	 RESULTS
Among 34 OECD countries between 1990 and 2010, the US rank for the age-standardized death rate changed from 18th to 27th, for the age-standardized YLL rate from 23rd to 28th, for the age-standardized YLD rate from 5th to 6th, for life expectancy at birth from 20th to 27th, and for HALE from 14th to 26th. 	 RESULTS
From 1990 to 2010, the United States made substantial progress in improving health. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
Life expectancy at birth and HALE increased, all-cause death rates at all ages decreased, and age-specific rates of years lived with disability remained stable. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
However, morbidity and chronic disability now account for nearly half of the US health burden, and improvements in population health in the United States have not kept pace with advances in population health in other wealthy nations. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
The MTHFR 677C→T polymorphism has been associated with raised homocysteine concentration and increased risk of stroke. 	 BACKGROUND
A previous overview showed that the effects were greatest in regions with low dietary folate consumption, but differentiation between the effect of folate and small-study bias was difficult. 	 BACKGROUND
A meta-analysis of randomised trials of homocysteine-lowering interventions showed no reduction in coronary heart disease events or stroke, but the trials were generally set in populations with high folate consumption. 	 BACKGROUND
We aimed to reduce the effect of small-study bias and investigate whether folate status modifies the association between MTHFR 677C→T and stroke in a genetic analysis and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials. 	 BACKGROUND
We established a collaboration of genetic studies consisting of 237 datasets including 59,995 individuals with data for homocysteine and 20,885 stroke events. 	 METHODS
We compared the genetic findings with a meta-analysis of 13 randomised trials of homocysteine-lowering treatments and stroke risk (45,549 individuals, 2314 stroke events, 269 transient ischaemic attacks). 	 METHODS
The effect of the MTHFR 677C→T variant on homocysteine concentration was larger in low folate regions (Asia; difference between individuals with TT versus CC genotype, 3·12 μmol/L, 95% CI 2·23 to 4·01) than in areas with folate fortification (America, Australia, and New Zealand, high; 0·13 μmol/L, -0·85 to 1·11). 	 FINDINGS
The odds ratio (OR) for stroke was also higher in Asia (1·68, 95% CI 1·44 to 1·97) than in America, Australia, and New Zealand, high (1·03, 0·84 to 1·25). 	 FINDINGS
Most randomised trials took place in regions with high or increasing population folate concentrations. 	 FINDINGS
The summary relative risk (RR) of stroke in trials of homocysteine-lowering interventions (0·94, 95% CI 0·85 to 1·04) was similar to that predicted for the same extent of homocysteine reduction in large genetic studies in populations with similar folate status (predicted RR 1·00, 95% CI 0·90 to 1·11). 	 FINDINGS
Although the predicted effect of homocysteine reduction from large genetic studies in low folate regions (Asia) was larger (RR 0·78, 95% CI 0·68 to 0·90), no trial has evaluated the effect of lowering of homocysteine on stroke risk exclusively in a low folate region. 	 FINDINGS
In regions with increasing levels or established policies of population folate supplementation, evidence from genetic studies and randomised trials is concordant in suggesting an absence of benefit from lowering of homocysteine for prevention of stroke. 	 INTERPRETATION
Further large-scale genetic studies of the association between MTHFR 677C→T and stroke in low folate settings are needed to distinguish effect modification by folate from small-study bias. 	 INTERPRETATION
If future randomised trials of homocysteine-lowering interventions for stroke prevention are undertaken, they should take place in regions with low folate consumption. 	 INTERPRETATION
Full funding sources listed at end of paper (see Acknowledgments). 	 FUNDING
To assess the efficacy of various controlled ovarian hyperstimulation (COH) regimens in the prior poor-responder patient preparing for assisted reproductive techniques. 	 OBJECTIVE
English-language literature review. 	 DESIGN
PATIENT(S) Candidates for assisted reproductive techniques who had been defined as having a prior suboptimal response to standard COH regimens. 	 DESIGN
INTERVENTION(S) A variety of regimes are reviewed, including increased gonadotropin doses, change of gonadotropins, adjunctive growth hormone (GH), luteal phase (long) GnRH agonist (GnRH-a) initiation, early follicular phase (flare) GnRH-a initiation, low-dose luteal phase (ultrashort) GnRH-a initiation, progestin pretreatment, and microdose flare GnRH-a initiation. 	 DESIGN
MEASURE(S) 	 MAIN OUTCOME
Maximal serum E(2) levels, follicular development, dose, and duration of gonadotropin therapy, cycle cancellation rates, oocytes retrieved, embryos transferred, and clinical and ongoing pregnancy rates. 	 MAIN OUTCOME
RESULT(S) A lack of uniformity in definition of the poor responder and of prospective randomized trials make data interpretation somewhat difficult. 	 MAIN OUTCOME
Of the varied strategies proposed, those that seem to be more uniformly beneficial are microdose GnRH-a flare and late luteal phase initiation of a short course of low-dose GnRH-a discontinued before COH. 	 MAIN OUTCOME
CONCLUSION(S) No single regimen will benefit all poor responders. 	 MAIN OUTCOME
General acceptance of uniform definitions and performance of large-scale prospective randomized trials are critical. 	 MAIN OUTCOME
Development of a reliable precycle screen will allow effective differentiation among normal responders, poor responders, and those who will not conceive with their own oocytes. 	 MAIN OUTCOME
Previous in vitro and in vivo studies have revealed an association between Helicobacter pylori infection and apoptosis in gastric epithelial cells. 	 BACKGROUND AND AIMS
Although involvement of the Bcl-2 family of proteins as well as cytochrome c release has been demonstrated in H pylori induced cell death, the exact role of the mitochondria during this type of programmed cell death has not been fully elucidated. 	 BACKGROUND AND AIMS
Therefore, we sought to determine whether or not Bax translocation and mitochondrial fragmentation occur on exposure of gastric epithelial cells to H pylori, resulting in cell death. 	 BACKGROUND AND AIMS
Experiments were performed with human gastric adenocarcinoma (AGS) cells, AGS cells transfected with the HPV-E6 gene (which inactivates p53 function), AGS-neo cells (transfected with the backbone construct), mouse embryonic fibroblasts (MEFs), and p19(ARF) null (ARF(-/-)) MEFs. 	 METHODS
Cells were incubated with a cag positive H pylori strain for up to 24 hours, lysed, and cytoplasmic and mitochondrial membrane fractions were analysed by western blot for Bax translocation. 	 METHODS
Bax translocation was detected in AGS, AGS-neo, and normal MEF cells after exposure to H pylori for three hours, but not in ARF(-/-) MEFs cells. 	 RESULTS
Translocation of Bax after H pylori incubation was also detected in AGS-E6 cells (inactive p53 gene) but to a lesser degree than in AGS-neo cells. 	 RESULTS
In parallel studies, the mitochondrial morphology of living cells infected with H pylori was assessed by confocal microscopy. 	 RESULTS
Mitochondrial fragmentation was detectable after 10 hours of H pylori incubation with AGS cells and after seven hours with MEF cells. 	 RESULTS
In wild-type MEFs, mitochondrial fragmentation was significantly increased in comparison with ARF null MEFs (43% v 10.4%, respectively). 	 RESULTS
Furthermore, mitochondrial depolarisation and caspase-3 activity were initiated within four hours in cells incubated with H pylori, and these events were inhibited by forced expression of Bcl-2. 	 RESULTS
These data suggest that during H pylori induced apoptosis, Bax translocates to the mitochondria which subsequently undergo depolarisation and profound fragmentation. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Functional ARF and p53 proteins may play an important role in H pylori induced mitochondrial modification. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Interleukin-24 (IL-24) is a cytokine that belongs to the IL-10 family. 	 BACKGROUND
It can selectively induce cancer cell apoptosis which has been utilized as a cancer gene therapy strategy. 	 BACKGROUND
A recombinant type five adenovirus containing IL-24 gene (designated CNHK600-IL24) was constructed, whose replication is activated only in tumor cells. 	 METHODS
The replication of CNHK600-IL24 in breast tumor cells and fibroblasts were assessed by TCID50 and MTT assay; the secretion of IL-24 was measured by ELISA and western blotting. 	 METHODS
The in vivo anti-tumor effect of CNHK600-IL24 was investigated in nude mice carrying orthotopic or metastatic breast tumor. 	 METHODS
We observed that CNHK600-IL24 could replicate efficiently and resulted in high level IL-24 expression and massive cell death in human breast cancer cell MDA-MB-231 but not in normal fibroblast cell MRC-5. 	 RESULTS
In addition, orthotopic breast tumor growth in the nude mice model was significantly suppressed when CNHK600-IL24 was administered. 	 RESULTS
In the metastatic model generated by tail vein injection, CNHK600-IL24 virotherapy significantly improved survival compared with the same virus expressing EGFP (median survival CNHK600-IL24, 55 days vs. CNHK600-EGFP, 41 day, p < 0.05 Mantal-Cox test). 	 RESULTS
A similar phenomenon was observed in the metastatic model achieved by left ventricular injection as suggested by in vivo luminescence imaging of tumor growth. 	 RESULTS
The oncolytic adenovirus armed with IL-24, which exhibited enhanced anti-tumor activity and improved survival, is a promising candidate for virotherapy of breast cancer. 	 CONCLUSION
Migraineurs are at increased risk of cerebellar infarcts and supratentorial white matter lesions. 	 BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE
The prevalence, frequency, and distribution of infratentorial hyperintense lesions in migraine are unknown. 	 BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE
Migraineurs with aura (n=161), without aura (n=134), and controls (n=140) from a population-based sample of adults (30 to 60 years of age) were evaluated with MRI. 	 METHODS
Infratentorial hyperintensities were identified in 13 of 295 (4.4%) migraineurs and in 1 of 140 (0.7%) controls (P=0.04). 	 RESULTS
Twelve cases had hyperintensities, mostly bilaterally, in the dorsal basis pontis. 	 RESULTS
Those with infratentorial hyperintensities also had supratentorial white matter lesions more often. 	 RESULTS
We found an increased prevalence of infratentorial (mostly pontine) hyperintensities in migraineurs from the general population. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This extends the knowledge about vulnerable brain regions and type of lesions in migraine brains. 	 CONCLUSIONS
A hemodynamic ischemic pathogenesis is likely, but further research is needed. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Tumor microenvironment is a strong determinant for the acquisition of metastatic potential of cancer cells. 	 AIMS
We have recently demonstrated that cancer-associated fibroblasts (CAFs) elicit a redox-dependent epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) in prostate cancer (PCa) cells, driven by cycloxygenase-2/hypoxia-inducible factor-1 (HIF-1)/nuclear factor-κB pathway and enhancing tumor aggressiveness. 	 AIMS
Here, we investigated the involvement of microRNAs (miRNAs) in tumor-stroma interplay to identify possible tools to counteract oxidative stress and metastasis dissemination. 	 AIMS
We found that miR-205 is the most downmodulated miRNA in PCa cells upon CAF stimulation, due to direct transcriptional repression by HIF-1, a known redox-sensitive transcription factor. 	 RESULTS
Rescue experiments demonstrated that ectopic miR-205 overexpression in PCa cells counteracts CAF-induced EMT, thus impairing enhancement of cell invasion, acquisition of stem cell traits, tumorigenicity, and metastatic dissemination. 	 RESULTS
In addition, miR-205 blocks tumor-driven activation of surrounding fibroblasts by reducing pro-inflammatory cytokine secretion. 	 RESULTS
Overall, such findings suggest miR-205 as a brake against PCa metastasis by blocking both the afferent and efferent arms of the circuit between tumor cells and associated fibroblasts, thus interrupting the pro-oxidant and pro-inflammatory circuitries engaged by reactive stroma. 	 INNOVATION
The evidence that miR-205 replacement in PCa cells is able not only to prevent but also to revert the oxidative/pro-inflammatory axis leading to EMT induced by CAFs sets the rationale for developing miRNA-based approaches to prevent and treat metastatic disease. 	 CONCLUSION
Although the Polypill concept (proposed in 2003) is promising in terms of benefits for cardiovascular risk management, the potential costs and adverse effects are its main pitfalls. 	 OBJECTIVE
The objective of this study was to identify a tastier and safer alternative to the Polypill: the Polymeal. 	 OBJECTIVE
Data on the ingredients of the Polymeal were taken from the literature. 	 METHODS
The evidence based recipe included wine, fish, dark chocolate, fruits, vegetables, garlic, and almonds. 	 METHODS
Data from the Framingham heart study and the Framingham offspring study were used to build life tables to model the benefits of the Polymeal in the general population from age 50, assuming multiplicative correlations. 	 METHODS
Combining the ingredients of the Polymeal would reduce cardiovascular disease events by 76%. 	 RESULTS
For men, taking the Polymeal daily represented an increase in total life expectancy of 6.6 years, an increase in life expectancy free from cardiovascular disease of 9.0 years, and a decrease in life expectancy with cardiovascular disease of 2.4 years. 	 RESULTS
The corresponding differences for women were 4.8, 8.1, and 3.3 years. 	 RESULTS
The Polymeal promises to be an effective, non-pharmacological, safe, cheap, and tasty alternative to reduce cardiovascular morbidity and increase life expectancy in the general population. 	 CONCLUSION
There is a widespread interest in developing renewable sources of islet-replacement tissue for type I diabetes mellitus. 	 BACKGROUND
Human mesenchymal cells isolated from the Wharton's jelly of the umbilical cord (HUMSCs), which can be easily obtained and processed compared with embryonic and bone marrow stem cells, possess stem cell properties. 	 BACKGROUND
HUMSCs may be a valuable source for the generation of islets. 	 BACKGROUND
HUMSCs were induced to transform into islet-like cell clusters in vitro through stepwise culturing in neuron-conditioned medium. 	 METHODOLOGY AND PRINCIPAL FINDINGS
To assess the functional stability of the islet-like cell clusters in vivo, these cell clusters were transplanted into the liver of streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats via laparotomy. 	 METHODOLOGY AND PRINCIPAL FINDINGS
Glucose tolerance was measured on week 12 after transplantation accompanied with immunohistochemistry and electron microscopy analysis. 	 METHODOLOGY AND PRINCIPAL FINDINGS
These islet-like cell clusters were shown to contain human C-peptide and release human insulin in response to physiological glucose levels. 	 METHODOLOGY AND PRINCIPAL FINDINGS
Real-time RT-PCR detected the expressions of insulin and other pancreatic beta-cell-related genes (Pdx1, Hlxb9, Nkx2.2, Nkx6.1, and Glut-2) in these islet-like cell clusters. 	 METHODOLOGY AND PRINCIPAL FINDINGS
The hyperglycemia and glucose intolerance in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats was significantly alleviated after xenotransplantation of islet-like cell clusters, without the use of immunosuppressants. 	 METHODOLOGY AND PRINCIPAL FINDINGS
In addition to the existence of islet-like cell clusters in the liver, some special fused liver cells were also found, which characterized by human insulin and nuclei-positive staining and possessing secretory granules. 	 METHODOLOGY AND PRINCIPAL FINDINGS
In this study, we successfully differentiate HUMSCs into mature islet-like cell clusters, and these islet-like cell clusters possess insulin-producing ability in vitro and in vivo. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND SIGNIFICANCE
HUMSCs in Wharton's Jelly of the umbilical cord seem to be the preferential source of stem cells to convert into insulin-producing cells, because of the large potential donor pool, its rapid availability, no risk of discomfort for the donor, and low risk of rejection. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND SIGNIFICANCE
To determine whether the perioperative use of hydroxyethyl starch 6% and albumin 5% in elective joint arthroplasties are associated with an increased risk for perioperative complications. 	 OBJECTIVE
Retrospective cohort study of population based data between 2006 and 2013. 	 DESIGN
Data from 510 different hospitals across the United States participating in the Premier Perspective database. 	 SETTING
1,051,441 patients undergoing elective total hip and knee arthroplasties. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Perioperative fluid resuscitation with hydroxyethyl starch 6% or albumin 5%, or neither. 	 EXPOSURES
Acute renal failure and thromboembolic, cardiac, and pulmonary complications. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Compared with patients who received neither colloid, perioperative fluid resuscitation with hydroxyethyl starch 6% or albumin 5% was associated with an increased risk of acute renal failure (odds ratios 1.23 (95% confidence interval 1.13 to 1.34) and 1.56 (1.36 to 1.78), respectively) and most other complications. 	 RESULTS
A recent decrease in hydroxyethyl starch 6% use was noted, whereas that of albumin 5% increased. 	 RESULTS
Similar to studies in critically ill patients, we showed that use of hydroxyethyl starch 6% was associated with an increased risk of acute renal failure and other complications in the elective perioperative orthopedic setting. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This increased risk also applied to albumin 5%. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These findings raise questions regarding the widespread use of these colloids in elective joint arthroplasty procedures. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To compare contemporary pregnancy outcomes in women with and without type 1 diabetes, and to examine the effects of obesity and glycaemic control on these outcomes. 	 OBJECTIVE
Historical cohort study in a specialist diabetes and maternity network in Victoria. 	 DESIGN AND SETTING
All singleton births (at least 20 weeks' gestation), 2010-2013, were analysed: 107 pregnancies to women with type 1 diabetes and 27 075 pregnancies to women without diabetes. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Women with type 2 diabetes or gestational diabetes were excluded. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Data were extracted from the Birthing Outcomes System database; associations between type 1 diabetes and pregnancy outcomes were analysed by multivariable regression. 	 METHODS
Mode of birth; maternal and neonatal outcomes. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
The mean body mass index was higher for women with type 1 diabetes than for women without diabetes (mean, 27.3 kg/m(2) [SD, 5.0] v 25.7 kg/m(2) [SD, 5.9]; P = 0.01); the median gestation period for their babies was shorter (median, 37.3 weeks [IQR, 34.6-38.1] v 39.4 weeks [IQR, 38.4-40.4]; P < 0.001) and they were more likely to be large for gestational age (LGA) (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 7.9; 95% CI, 5.3-11.8). 	 RESULTS
Women with type 1 diabetes were more likely to have had labour induced (aOR, 3.0; 95% CI, 2.0-4.5), a caesarean delivery (aOR, 4.6; 95% CI, 3.1-7.0), or a pre-term birth (aOR, 6.7; 95% CI, 4.5-10.0); their babies were more likely to have shoulder dystocia (aOR, 8.2; 95% CI, 3.6-18.7), hypoglycaemia (aOR, 10.3; 95% CI, 6.8-15.6), jaundice (aOR, 5.1; 95% CI, 3.3-7.7), respiratory distress (aOR, 2.5; 95% CI, 1.4-4.4) or to suffer perinatal death (aOR, 4.3; 95% CI, 1.9-9.9). 	 RESULTS
In women with type 1 diabetes, greater obesity was associated with increased odds for an LGA baby or congenital malformation, and increased HbA1c levels were associated with pre-term birth and perinatal death. 	 RESULTS
Women with type 1 diabetes, even when managed in a specialist setting, still experience adverse obstetric and neonatal outcomes. 	 CONCLUSION
Poor glycaemic control is not wholly responsible for adverse outcomes, reinforcing the importance of other risk factors, such as obesity and weight gain. 	 CONCLUSION
Cali, Colombia, has a high incidence of interpersonal violence deaths. 	 BACKGROUND
Various alcohol control policies have been implemented to reduce alcohol-related problems. 	 BACKGROUND
The objective of this study was to determine whether different alcohol control policies were associated with changes in the incidence rate of homicides. 	 BACKGROUND
Ecologic study conducted during 2004-08 using a time-series design. 	 METHODS
Policies were implemented with variations in hours of restriction of sales and consumption of alcohol. 	 METHODS
Most restrictive policies prohibited alcohol between 2 a.m. and 10 a.m. for 446 non-consecutive days. 	 METHODS
Moderately restrictive policies prohibited alcohol between 3 a.m. and 10 a.m. for 1277 non-consecutive days. 	 METHODS
Lax policies prohibited alcohol between 4 a.m. and 10 a.m. for 104 non-consecutive days. 	 METHODS
In conditional autoregressive negative binomial regressions, rates of homicides and unintentional injury deaths (excluding traffic events) were compared between different periods of days when different policies were in effect. 	 METHODS
There was an increased risk of homicides in periods when the moderately restrictive policies were in effect compared with periods when the most restrictive policies were in effect [incidence rate ratio (IRR) 1.15, 90% confidence interval (CI) 1.05-1.26, P = 0.012], and there was an even higher risk of homicides in periods when the lax policies were in effect compared with periods when the most restrictive policies were in effect (IRR 1.42, 90% CI 1.26-1.61, P < 0.001). 	 RESULTS
Less restrictive policies were not associated with increased risk of unintentional injury deaths. 	 RESULTS
Extended hours of sales and consumption of alcohol were associated with increased risk of homicides. 	 CONCLUSION
Strong restrictions on alcohol availability could reduce the incidence of interpersonal violence events in communities where homicides are high. 	 CONCLUSION
In patients with Ovarian Cancer (OvCa) exosomes released by tumor cells are present in the plasma and could be involved in tumor progression. 	 BACKGROUND
This study examines the association between the exosome presence/protein content in plasma of OvCa patients and disease outcome, response to standard therapy and/or tumorresistance to therapies in patients studied at diagnosis and also serially during and after therapy. 	 BACKGROUND
Exosomes were purified from OvCa patients' plasma (n=22), patients with benign tumors (n=10) or (n=10) healthy controls (NC) using ultracentrifugation. 	 DESIGN AND METHODS
Exosomes were visualized by scanning electron microscopy. 	 DESIGN AND METHODS
Their protein content was measured. 	 DESIGN AND METHODS
The presence of MAGE 3/6 and TGF-β1 in exosomes was evaluated in Western blots. 	 DESIGN AND METHODS
The OvCa patients' plasma contained higher levels of exosomal proteins (p<0.05) compared to those isolated from plasma of patients with benign tumors or NC. 	 RESULTS
Exosomes isolated from OvCa patients's plasma carried TGF-β1 and MAGE3/6, which distinguished OvCa patients from those with benign tumors and NC. 	 RESULTS
High protein levels of exosomes were seen in newly diagnosed patients; however in advanced stages of OvCa patients the protein content of isolated exosomes was significantly higher than that of early stages. 	 RESULTS
The exosome levels variably changed during/after chemotherapy, and correlations between the changes in exosomal protein levels and clinical data suggested that the protein content of exosomes might be useful in predicting responses to therapy and prognosis in OvCa patients. 	 RESULTS
Analysis of plasma exosomes levels offers a novel approach to diagnosis and monitoring response to therapies in OvCa patients. 	 CONCLUSION
To measure the impact on transmission of leishmaniasis of curtains impregnated with insecticide. 	 OBJECTIVE
Cluster randomised controlled trial: household interview survey, observational study of people's behaviour, entomological study with light trap captures of sandflies inside houses. 	 DESIGN
14 urban sectors in Trujillo, Venezuela. 	 SETTING
2913 inhabitants of 569 houses. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Sectors were paired according to their 12 month cumulative incidence of cutaneous leishmaniasis, one sector in each pair was randomly allocated to receive polyester curtains impregnated with lambdacyhalothrin (intervention group) while the other sector received curtains without insecticide or no curtains (control groups). 	 INTERVENTION
After 12 months a follow up household survey was conducted. 	 INTERVENTION
Reduction in abundance of sandflies indoors and 12 month incidence of clinical cases of cutaneous leishmaniasis. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Transmission of cutaneous leishmaniasis occurred mainly in the domestic setting, with the incidence over 12 months of 4%. 	 RESULTS
The mean number of sandflies per trap per night was 16. 	 RESULTS
After follow up the 12 month incidence of cutaneous leishmaniasis was 0% in the intervention group and 8% in the six pairs in the control group that received unimpregnated curtains (mean difference 8, 95% confidence interval 4.22 to 11.78; P=0.001). 	 RESULTS
There were significantly fewer sandflies in the intervention group (2 v 15, mean difference 13 sandflies per trap; 9 to 17; P<0.001). 	 RESULTS
Curtains impregnated with insecticide provide a high degree of protection against indoor transmission of cutaneous leishmaniasis. 	 CONCLUSION
Multiple biological mechanisms contribute to the efficacy of cardiac cell therapy. 	 RATIONALE
Most prominent among these are direct heart muscle and blood vessel regeneration from transplanted cells, as opposed to paracrine enhancement of tissue preservation and/or recruitment of endogenous repair. 	 RATIONALE
Human cardiac progenitor cells, cultured as cardiospheres (CSps) or as CSp-derived cells (CDCs), have been shown to be capable of direct cardiac regeneration in vivo. 	 OBJECTIVE
Here we characterized paracrine effects in CDC transplantation and investigated their relative importance versus direct differentiation of surviving transplanted cells. 	 OBJECTIVE
In vitro, many growth factors were found in media conditioned by human adult CSps and CDCs; CDC-conditioned media exerted antiapoptotic effects on neonatal rat ventricular myocytes, and proangiogenic effects on human umbilical vein endothelial cells. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
In vivo, human CDCs secreted vascular endothelial growth factor, hepatocyte growth factor, and insulin-like growth factor 1 when transplanted into the same SCID mouse model of acute myocardial infarction where they were previously shown to improve function and to produce tissue regeneration. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Injection of CDCs in the peri-infarct zone increased the expression of Akt, decreased apoptotic rate and caspase 3 level, and increased capillary density, indicating overall higher tissue resilience. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Based on the number of human-specific cells relative to overall increases in capillary density and myocardial viability, direct differentiation quantitatively accounted for 20% to 50% of the observed effects. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Together with their spontaneous commitment to cardiac and angiogenic differentiation, transplanted CDCs serve as "role models," recruiting endogenous regeneration and improving tissue resistance to ischemic stress. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The contribution of the role model effect rivals or exceeds that of direct regeneration. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Dystrophins, utrophins, and their associated proteins are involved in structural and signaling roles in nonmuscle tissues; however, description of these proteins in neutrophils remained unexplored. 	 OBJECTIVE
Therefore we characterize the pattern expression, and the cellular distribution of dystrophin and utrophin gene products and dystrophin-associated proteins (i.e., beta-dystroglycan, alpha-syntrophin, and alpha-dystrobrevins) in relation to actin filaments in resting and activated with formyl-methionyl-leucyl-phenylalanine human neutrophils. 	 OBJECTIVE
Resting and fMLP-activated human neutrophils were analyzed by immunoblot and by confocal microscopy analysis. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
Immunoprecipitation assays were performed to corroborate the presence of protein complexes. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
Immunoprecipitation assays and confocal analysis demonstrated the presence of two dystrophin-associated protein complexes in resting and activated neutrophils: the former formed by Dp71d/Dp71Delta(110)(m) and dystrophin-associated proteins (beta-dystroglycan, alpha-syntrophin, alpha-dystrobrevin-1, and -2), while the latter contains Up400, instead of Dp71d/Dp71Delta(110)(m), as a central component of the dystrophin-associated protein complexes (DAPC). 	 RESULTS
Confocal analysis also showed the subcellular redistribution of Dp71d/Dp71Delta(110)(m) approximately DAPC and Up400 approximately DAPC in F-actin-based structures displayed during activation process with fMLP. 	 RESULTS
Our study showed the existence of two protein complexes formed by Dp71d/Dp71Delta(110)(m) or Up400 associated with DAPs in resting and fMLP-treated human polymorphonuclears. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The interaction of these complexes with the actin cytoskeleton is indicative of their dynamic participation in the chemotaxis process. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The annual number of hospital admissions and in-hospital deaths due to severe acute lower respiratory infections (ALRI) in young children worldwide is unknown. 	 BACKGROUND
We aimed to estimate the incidence of admissions and deaths for such infections in children younger than 5 years in 2010. 	 BACKGROUND
We estimated the incidence of admissions for severe and very severe ALRI in children younger than 5 years, stratified by age and region, with data from a systematic review of studies published between Jan 1, 1990, and March 31, 2012, and from 28 unpublished population-based studies. 	 METHODS
We applied these incidence estimates to population estimates for 2010, to calculate the global and regional burden in children admitted with severe ALRI in that year. 	 METHODS
We estimated in-hospital mortality due to severe and very severe ALRI by combining incidence estimates with case fatality ratios from hospital-based studies. 	 METHODS
We identified 89 eligible studies and estimated that in 2010, 11·9 million (95% CI 10·3-13·9 million) episodes of severe and 3·0 million (2·1-4·2 million) episodes of very severe ALRI resulted in hospital admissions in young children worldwide. 	 FINDINGS
Incidence was higher in boys than in girls, the sex disparity being greatest in South Asian studies. 	 FINDINGS
On the basis of data from 37 hospital studies reporting case fatality ratios for severe ALRI, we estimated that roughly 265,000 (95% CI 160,000-450,000) in-hospital deaths took place in young children, with 99% of these deaths in developing countries. 	 FINDINGS
Therefore, the data suggest that although 62% of children with severe ALRI are treated in hospitals, 81% of deaths happen outside hospitals. 	 FINDINGS
Severe ALRI is a substantial burden on health services worldwide and a major cause of hospital referral and admission in young children. 	 INTERPRETATION
Improved hospital access and reduced inequities, such as those related to sex and rural status, could substantially decrease mortality related to such infection. 	 INTERPRETATION
Community-based management of severe disease could be an important complementary strategy to reduce pneumonia mortality and health inequities. 	 INTERPRETATION
WHO. 	 FUNDING
The vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) stimulates angiogenesis by induction of vessel permeability, proliferation, and migration of endothelial cells, an important process in ischaemic diseases. 	 AIMS
ADP-ribosylation factor (ARF) nucleotide-binding site opener (ARNO) (cytohesin-2) is a guanine exchange factor important for cellular signalling through ARF GTPases. 	 AIMS
However, a role for ARNO in VEGF-dependent endothelial processes has so far not been documented. 	 AIMS
Therefore, we investigated whether ARNO has a role in VEGF-dependent activation of endothelial cells and thus vessel permeability. 	 AIMS
expression was observed in endothelial cells in vitro by RT-PCR, western blotting, and immunofluorescence as well as ex vivo by immunohistochemical staining of mouse aorta. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS ARNO
Treatment with the cytohesin inhibitor SecinH3 or with an ARNO siRNA prevented VEGF-dependent Akt activation, assessed by detection of phosphorylated Akt, and proliferation of endothelial cells in vitro, measured by methylthiazoletetrazolium (MTT) reduction. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS ARNO
In addition, ARNO suppression reduced VEGF-induced permeability in vessels of the mouse (C57BL/6) cremaster muscle in vivo, as measured by extravasation of fluorescein isothiocyanate (FITC)-dextran. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS ARNO
Moreover, ARNO knock-down accelerated ligand-induced reduction in vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-2 (VEGFR-2) surface expression, internalization, and degradation, as assessed by flow cytometry and western blotting, respectively. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS ARNO
Our findings indicate an important and novel role for endothelial ARNO in VEGF-dependent initiation of angiogenesis by regulation of VEGFR-2 internalization in endothelial cells, resulting in the activation of the Akt pathway, vessel permeability, and ultimately endothelial proliferation. 	 CONCLUSION
Thus, ARNO may be a new essential player in endothelial signalling and angiogenesis. 	 CONCLUSION
Variability of gene expression in human may link gene sequence variability and phenotypes; however, non-genetic variations, alone or in combination with genetics, may also influence expression traits and have a critical role in physiological and disease processes. 	 BACKGROUND
METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS To get better insight into the overall variability of gene expression, we assessed the transcriptome of circulating monocytes, a key cell involved in immunity-related diseases and atherosclerosis, in 1,490 unrelated individuals and investigated its association with >675,000 SNPs and 10 common cardiovascular risk factors. 	 BACKGROUND
Out of 12,808 expressed genes, 2,745 expression quantitative trait loci were detected (P<5.78x10(-12)), most of them (90%) being cis-modulated. 	 BACKGROUND
Extensive analyses showed that associations identified by genome-wide association studies of lipids, body mass index or blood pressure were rarely compatible with a mediation by monocyte expression level at the locus. 	 BACKGROUND
At a study-wide level (P<3.9x10(-7)), 1,662 expression traits (13.0%) were significantly associated with at least one risk factor. 	 BACKGROUND
Genome-wide interaction analyses suggested that genetic variability and risk factors mostly acted additively on gene expression. 	 BACKGROUND
Because of the structure of correlation among expression traits, the variability of risk factors could be characterized by a limited set of independent gene expressions which may have biological and clinical relevance. 	 BACKGROUND
For example expression traits associated with cigarette smoking were more strongly associated with carotid atherosclerosis than smoking itself. 	 BACKGROUND
CONCLUSIONS/SIGNIFICANCE This study demonstrates that the monocyte transcriptome is a potent integrator of genetic and non-genetic influences of relevance for disease pathophysiology and risk assessment. 	 BACKGROUND
Ovarian clear-cell and endometrioid carcinomas may arise from endometriosis, but the molecular events involved in this transformation have not been described. 	 BACKGROUND
We sequenced the whole transcriptomes of 18 ovarian clear-cell carcinomas and 1 ovarian clear-cell carcinoma cell line and found somatic mutations in ARID1A (the AT-rich interactive domain 1A [SWI-like] gene) in 6 of the samples. 	 METHODS
ARID1A encodes BAF250a, a key component of the SWI–SNF chromatin remodeling complex. 	 METHODS
We sequenced ARID1A in an additional 210 ovarian carcinomas and a second ovarian clear-cell carcinoma cell line and measured BAF250a expression by means of immunohistochemical analysis in an additional 455 ovarian carcinomas. 	 METHODS
ARID1A mutations were seen in 55 of 119 ovarian clear-cell carcinomas (46%), 10 of 33 endometrioid carcinomas (30%), and none of the 76 high-grade serous ovarian carcinomas. 	 RESULTS
Seventeen carcinomas had two somatic mutations each. 	 RESULTS
Loss of the BAF250a protein correlated strongly with the ovarian clear-cell carcinoma and endometrioid carcinoma subtypes and the presence of ARID1A mutations. 	 RESULTS
In two patients, ARID1A mutations and loss of BAF250a expression were evident in the tumor and contiguous atypical endometriosis but not in distant endometriotic lesions. 	 RESULTS
These data implicate ARID1A as a tumor-suppressor gene frequently disrupted in ovarian clear-cell and endometrioid carcinomas. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Since ARID1A mutation and loss of BAF250a can be seen in the preneoplastic lesions, we speculate that this is an early event in the transformation of endometriosis into cancer. 	 CONCLUSIONS
(Funded by the British Columbia Cancer Foundation and the Vancouver General Hospital–University of British Columbia Hospital Foundation.). 	 CONCLUSIONS
& OBJECTIVES Anaemia is commonly observed in children with malaria, but reports on leucocyte and platelet count abnormalities associated with malaria are inconsistent. 	 BACKGROUND
This study examined the effect of age, gender, parasite density and temperature on haematological parameters in children with acute uncomplicated malaria. 	 BACKGROUND
Haematological parameters were determined in children with acute uncomplicated malaria, and these were correlated with age, sex, temperature and parasite density. 	 METHODS
Statistical analysis was done using SAS 9.1. 	 METHODS
Six hundred and ninety five children with acute uncomplicated malaria participated in the study. 	 RESULTS
The mean age was 51.7 months +/- 	 RESULTS
33.8. 	 RESULTS
At presentation, anaemia occurred in 43.8% of the patients and children <5 yr had a significantly lower haematocrit (28.4% +/- 4.8) than that of older children (32.8% +/- 	 RESULTS
4.8) (p <0.001), but the haematocrit was not significantly different by days 14 and 28. 	 RESULTS
There was no difference between both sexes. 	 RESULTS
Leucocytosis was more frequently seen than leucopenia (9.5% vs 3%). 	 RESULTS
Thrombocytopenia was found in 59.3% of enrolled patients. 	 RESULTS
More than half of the patients with thrombocytopenia had recovered by Day 28. 	 RESULTS
Baseline platelet count was related to Day 14 (r = 0.6, p < 0.0001) and Day 28 (r = 0.2, p = 0.0015) and the haematocrit on Day 28 (r = 0.12, p = 0.00197). 	 RESULTS
Platelet count showed no correlation with temperature, parasite density and leucocyte count. 	 RESULTS
Haematocrit correlated with age (r = 0.4, p < 0.0001); but not with parasite density or temperature. 	 RESULTS
Leucocyte count showed no correlation with age or parasite density. 	 RESULTS
While thrombocytopenia was the most common haematological finding and may be of diagnostic importance, anaemia and leucocytosis were more common in the under fives. 	 CONCLUSION
To compare expectations for cancer survivorship care between patients and their physicians and between primary care providers (PCPs) and oncologists. 	 PURPOSE
Survivors and their physicians were surveyed to evaluate for expectations regarding physician participation in primary cancer follow-up, screening for other cancers, general preventive health, and management of comorbidities. 	 METHODS
Of 992 eligible survivors and 607 physicians surveyed, 535 (54%) and 378 (62%) were assessable, respectively. 	 RESULTS
Among physician respondents, 255 (67%) were PCPs and 123 (33%) were oncologists. 	 RESULTS
Comparing patients with their oncologists, expectations were highly discrepant for screening for cancers other than the index one (agreement rate, 29%), with patients anticipating significantly more oncologist involvement. 	 RESULTS
Between patients and their PCPs, expectations were most incongruent for primary cancer follow-up (agreement rate, 35%), with PCPs indicating they should contribute a much greater part to this aspect of care. 	 RESULTS
Expectations between patients and their PCPs were generally more concordant than between patients and their oncologists. 	 RESULTS
PCPs and oncologists showed high discordances in perceptions of their own roles for primary cancer follow-up, cancer screening, and general preventive health (agreement rates of 3%, 44%, and 51%, respectively). 	 RESULTS
In the case of primary cancer follow-up, both PCPs and oncologists indicated they should carry substantial responsibility for this task. 	 RESULTS
Patients and physicians have discordant expectations with respect to the roles of PCPs and oncologists in cancer survivorship care. 	 CONCLUSION
Uncertainties around physician roles and responsibilities can lead to deficiencies in care, supporting the need to make survivorship care planning a standard component in cancer management. 	 CONCLUSION
Although the red cell distribution width (RDW) has been reported as a reliable predictor of prognosis in several types of cancer, to our knowledge the prognostic value of RDW in gastric carcinoma has not been studied, so far. 	 BACKGROUND
We aimed to investigate the role of red cell distribution width (RDW) in predicting prognosis in gastric cancer patients. 	 OBJECTIVE
All gastric cancer patients who underwent curative surgery (n= 172, 110M/62F) over a five-year study period were evaluated. 	 METHODS
Data on demographics, preoperative RDW levels, tumor characteristics (early stage: I and II, advanced stage: IIIA-B-C), disease-free (DFS) and overall survival (OS) were retrospectively reviewed. 	 METHODS
Patients were classified as high RDW group (RDW ≥ 16, n= 62) or low RDW group (RDW < 16, n= 110). 	 METHODS
Overall mortality and postoperative 60-day mortality in both groups were 55% and 14%, respectively. 	 RESULTS
A borderline significant association between RDW (0.063) and mortality was noted. 	 RESULTS
Preoperative RDW levels were significantly higher in patients with short-term mortality (17.9 ± 4.3 vs. 16 ± 3.2, p= 0.015). 	 RESULTS
In high RDW group, the incidence of advanced gastric cancer was significantly higher (75 vs. 51%, p= 0.002), whereas DFS (0.035) and OS (p= 0.04) were lower. 	 RESULTS
The frequency of advanced cancer was high in patients with high RDWvalues. 	 CONCLUSION
High RDW values were strongly associated with short-term mortality although only a borderline relationship with overall survival was observed. 	 CONCLUSION
The aim of this study was to investigate whether diabetes and hypertension cause additive effects in the responses to various vasoconstrictor and vasodilator agents, in isolated perfused kidneys obtained from streptozotocin (STZ)-diabetic Wistar-Kyoto (WKY) rats and from diabetic spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR). 	 OBJECTIVE
and WKY rats were administered STZ 55 mg/kg by intravenous injection into a lateral tail vein at age 12 weeks. 	 METHODS SHR
Eight weeks later the kidneys were isolated and perfused via the left renal artery with a physiological salt solution. 	 METHODS SHR
Renal perfusion pressure was measured continuously. 	 METHODS SHR
Concentration response curves were plotted for various vasoconstrictor and vasodilator agents. 	 METHODS SHR
Both the diabetic and the hypertensive state were associated with an increased wet kidney weight. 	 RESULTS
The contractile responses of the renal arterial system to phenylephrine (PhE), serotonin (5-HT) and angiotensin II (Ang II) in terms both of the maximal rise in perfusion pressure (mmHg) and of the sensitivity (log EC50) were the same in preparations from diabetic WKY rats and in those from normoglycaemic WKY rats. 	 RESULTS
The maximal contractile responses both to PhE and to Ang II were enhanced in kidneys from SHR compared with those in kidneys from their normotensive controls, whereas simultaneously occurring diabetes impaired this sensitization. 	 RESULTS
After precontraction with 3 x 10(-6) mol/l PhE both endothelium-dependent (methacholine) and endothelium-independent (sodium nitroprusside) vasodilator drugs caused the same vasodilator response in the preparations taken from the four groups of animals. 	 RESULTS
In isolated perfused kidneys obtained from STZ-diabetic WKY rats and SHR, the isolated diabetic state did not influence the vasoconstriction caused by various agonists. 	 CONCLUSION
However, the enhanced vascular reactivity in the hypertensive state was blunted by simultaneously occurring diabetes mellitus. 	 CONCLUSION
Endothelium-dependent and -independent vasorelaxation in this model was not affected neither by the hypertensive nor by the diabetic state. 	 CONCLUSION
Analysis of fetal DNA in maternal plasma has recently been introduced as a new method for noninvasive prenatal diagnosis, particularly for the analysis of fetal genetic traits, which are absent from the maternal genome, e.g., RHD or Y-chromosome-specific sequences. 	 BACKGROUND
To date, the analysis of other fetal genetic traits has been more problematic because of the overwhelming presence of maternal DNA sequences in the circulation. 	 BACKGROUND
We examined whether different biochemical properties can be discerned between fetal and maternal circulatory DNA. 	 BACKGROUND
Plasma DNA was examined by agarose gel electrophoresis. 	 METHODS
The fractions of fetal and maternal DNA in size-fractionated fragments were assayed by real-time PCR. 	 METHODS
The determination of paternally and maternally inherited fetal genetic traits was examined by use of highly polymorphic chromosome-21-specific microsatellite markers. 	 METHODS
Size fractionation of circulatory DNA indicated that the major portion of cell-free fetal DNA had an approximate molecular size of <0.3 kb, whereas maternally derived sequences were, on average, considerably larger than 1 kb. 	 RESULTS
Analysis of size-fractionated DNA (</=0.3 kb) from maternal plasma samples facilitated the ready detection of paternally and maternally inherited microsatellite markers. 	 RESULTS
Circulatory fetal DNA can be enriched by size selection of fragment sizes less than approximately 0.3 kb. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Such selection permits easier analysis of both paternally and maternally inherited DNA polymorphisms. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Isotonic crystalloids play a central role in perioperative fluid management. 	 INTRODUCTION
Isooncotic preparations of colloids (for example, human albumin or hydroxyethyl starch) remain nearly completely intravascular when infused to compensate for acute blood losses. 	 INTRODUCTION
Recent data were interpreted to indicate a comparable intravascular volume effect for crystalloids, challenging the occasionally suggested advantage of using colloids to treat hypovolemia. 	 INTRODUCTION
General physiological knowledge and clinical experience, however, suggest otherwise. 	 INTRODUCTION
In a prospective study, double-tracer blood volume measurements were performed before and after intended normovolemic hemodilution in ten female adults, simultaneously substituting the three-fold amount of withdrawn blood with Ringer's lactate. 	 METHODS
Any originated deficits were substituted with half the volume of 20% human albumin, followed by a further assessment of blood volume. 	 METHODS
To assess significance between the measurements, repeated measures analysis of variance (ANOVA) according to Fisher were performed. 	 METHODS
If significant results were shown, paired t tests (according to Student) for the singular measurements were taken. 	 METHODS
P < 0.05 was considered to be significant. 	 METHODS
A total of 1,097 ± 285 ml of whole blood were withdrawn (641 ± 155 ml/m(2) body surface area) and simultaneously replaced by 3,430 ± 806 ml of Ringer's lactate. 	 RESULTS
All patients showed a significant decrease in blood volume after hemodilution (-459 ± 185 ml; P < 0.05) that did not involve relevant hemodynamical changes, and a significant increase in interstitial water content (+2,157 ± 606 ml; P < 0.05). 	 RESULTS
The volume effect of Ringer's lactate was 17 ± 10%. 	 RESULTS
The infusion of 245 ± 64 ml of 20% human albumin in this situation restored blood volume back to baseline values, the volume effect being 184 ± 63%. 	 RESULTS
Substitution of isolated intravascular deficits in cardiopulmonary healthy adults with the three-fold amount of Ringer's lactate impedes maintenance of intravascular normovolemia. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The main side effect was an impressive interstitial fluid accumulation, which was partly restored by the intravenous infusion of 20% human albumin. 	 CONCLUSIONS
We recommend to substitute the five-fold amount of crystalloids or to use an isooncotic preparation in the face of acute bleeding in patients where edema prevention might be advantageous. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) is a metabolic hormone with pleiotropic effects on glucose and lipid metabolism and insulin sensitivity. 	 BACKGROUND
It acts as a key downstream target of both peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor α and γ, the agonists of which have been used for lipid lowering and insulin sensitization, respectively. 	 BACKGROUND
However, the role of FGF21 in the cardiovascular system remains elusive. 	 BACKGROUND
The roles of FGF21 in atherosclerosis were investigated by evaluating the impact of FGF21 deficiency and replenishment with recombinant FGF21 in apolipoprotein E(-/-) mice. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
FGF21 deficiency causes a marked exacerbation of atherosclerotic plaque formation and premature death in apolipoprotein E(-/-) mice, which is accompanied by hypoadiponectinemia and severe hypercholesterolemia. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Replenishment of FGF21 protects against atherosclerosis in apolipoprotein E(-/-)mice via 2 independent mechanisms, inducing the adipocyte production of adiponectin, which in turn acts on the blood vessels to inhibit neointima formation and macrophage inflammation, and suppressing the hepatic expression of the transcription factor sterol regulatory element-binding protein-2, thereby leading to reduced cholesterol synthesis and attenuation of hypercholesterolemia. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Chronic treatment with adiponectin partially reverses atherosclerosis without obvious effects on hypercholesterolemia in FGF21-deficient apolipoprotein E(-/-) mice. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
By contrast, the cholesterol-lowering effects of FGF21 are abrogated by hepatic expression of sterol regulatory element-binding protein-2. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
FGF21 protects against atherosclerosis via fine tuning the multiorgan crosstalk among liver, adipose tissue, and blood vessels. 	 CONCLUSIONS
C-Reactive protein (CRP), a cardiovascular risk marker, could also participate in atherosclerosis. 	 OBJECTIVE
Atherosclerotic plaques express CRP and interleukin (IL)-10, a major antiinflammatory cytokine. 	 OBJECTIVE
IL-10 deficiency results in increased lesion formation, whereas IL-10 delivery attenuates lesions. 	 OBJECTIVE
We tested the effect of CRP on lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced IL-10 secretion in human monocyte-derived macrophages (HMDMs). 	 OBJECTIVE
Incubation of HMDMs with CRP significantly decreased LPS-induced IL-10 mRNA and intracellular and secreted IL-10 protein and destabilized IL-10 mRNA. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Also, CRP alone increased secretion of IL-8, IL-6, and tumor necrosis factor from HMDMs and did not inhibit LPS-induced secretion of these cytokines. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Fc gamma receptor I antibodies significantly reversed CRP-mediated IL-10 inhibition. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
significantly decreased intracellular cAMP, phospho-cAMP response element binding protein (pCREB), and adenyl cyclase activity. 	 CRP
cAMP agonists reversed CRP-mediated IL-10 inhibition. 	 CRP
Overexpression of wild-type and constitutively active CREB in THP-1 cells revealed attenuation of the inhibitory effect of CRP on LPS-induced IL-10 levels. 	 CRP
also inhibited hemoglobin:haptoglobin-induced IL-10 and heme oxygenase-1. 	 CRP
Furthermore, administration of human CRP to rats significantly decreased IL-10 levels. 	 CRP
This study provides novel evidence that CRP, by decreasing IL-10 alters the antiinflammatory/proinflammatory balance, accentuating inflammation, which is pivotal in atherothrombosis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Limited information about the relationship between specific mutations in BRCA1 or BRCA2 (BRCA1/2) and cancer risk exists. 	 IMPORTANCE
To identify mutation-specific cancer risks for carriers of BRCA1/2. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Observational study of women who were ascertained between 1937 and 2011 (median, 1999) and found to carry disease-associated BRCA1 or BRCA2 mutations. 	 OBJECTIVE
The international sample comprised 19,581 carriers of BRCA1 mutations and 11,900 carriers of BRCA2 mutations from 55 centers in 33 countries on 6 continents. 	 OBJECTIVE
We estimated hazard ratios for breast and ovarian cancer based on mutation type, function, and nucleotide position. 	 OBJECTIVE
We also estimated RHR, the ratio of breast vs ovarian cancer hazard ratios. 	 OBJECTIVE
A value of RHR greater than 1 indicated elevated breast cancer risk; a value of RHR less than 1 indicated elevated ovarian cancer risk. 	 OBJECTIVE
Mutations of BRCA1 or BRCA2. 	 EXPOSURES
Breast and ovarian cancer risks. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
Among BRCA1 mutation carriers, 9052 women (46%) were diagnosed with breast cancer, 2317 (12%) with ovarian cancer, 1041 (5%) with breast and ovarian cancer, and 7171 (37%) without cancer. 	 RESULTS
Among BRCA2 mutation carriers, 6180 women (52%) were diagnosed with breast cancer, 682 (6%) with ovarian cancer, 272 (2%) with breast and ovarian cancer, and 4766 (40%) without cancer. 	 RESULTS
In BRCA1, we identified 3 breast cancer cluster regions (BCCRs) located at c.179 to c.505 (BCCR1; RHR = 1.46; 95% CI, 1.22-1.74; P = 2 × 10(-6)), c.4328 to c.4945 (BCCR2; RHR = 1.34; 95% CI, 1.01-1.78; P = .04), and c. 5261 to c.5563 (BCCR2', RHR = 1.38; 95% CI, 1.22-1.55; P = 6 × 10(-9)). 	 RESULTS
We also identified an ovarian cancer cluster region (OCCR) from c.1380 to c.4062 (approximately exon 11) with RHR = 0.62 (95% CI, 0.56-0.70; P = 9 × 10(-17)). 	 RESULTS
In BRCA2, we observed multiple BCCRs spanning c.1 to c.596 (BCCR1; RHR = 1.71; 95% CI, 1.06-2.78; P = .03), c.772 to c.1806 (BCCR1'; RHR = 1.63; 95% CI, 1.10-2.40; P = .01), and c.7394 to c.8904 (BCCR2; RHR = 2.31; 95% CI, 1.69-3.16; P = .00002). 	 RESULTS
We also identified 3 OCCRs: the first (OCCR1) spanned c.3249 to c.5681 that was adjacent to c.5946delT (6174delT; RHR = 0.51; 95% CI, 0.44-0.60; P = 6 × 10(-17)). 	 RESULTS
The second OCCR spanned c.6645 to c.7471 (OCCR2; RHR = 0.57; 95% CI, 0.41-0.80; P = .001). 	 RESULTS
Mutations conferring nonsense-mediated decay were associated with differential breast or ovarian cancer risks and an earlier age of breast cancer diagnosis for both BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutation carriers. 	 RESULTS
Breast and ovarian cancer risks varied by type and location of BRCA1/2 mutations. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
With appropriate validation, these data may have implications for risk assessment and cancer prevention decision making for carriers of BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutations. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
The major sites of obstruction in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) are small airways (<2 mm in diameter). 	 BACKGROUND
We wanted to determine whether there was a relationship between small-airway obstruction and emphysematous destruction in COPD. 	 BACKGROUND
We used multidetector computed tomography (CT) to compare the number of airways measuring 2.0 to 2.5 mm in 78 patients who had various stages of COPD, as judged by scoring on the Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) scale, in isolated lungs removed from patients with COPD who underwent lung transplantation, and in donor (control) lungs. 	 METHODS
MicroCT was used to measure the extent of emphysema (mean linear intercept), the number of terminal bronchioles per milliliter of lung volume, and the minimum diameters and cross-sectional areas of terminal bronchioles. 	 METHODS
On multidetector CT, in samples from patients with COPD, as compared with control samples, the number of airways measuring 2.0 to 2.5 mm in diameter was reduced in patients with GOLD stage 1 disease (P=0.001), GOLD stage 2 disease (P=0.02), and GOLD stage 3 or 4 disease (P<0.001). 	 RESULTS
MicroCT of isolated samples of lungs removed from patients with GOLD stage 4 disease showed a reduction of 81 to 99.7% in the total cross-sectional area of terminal bronchioles and a reduction of 72 to 89% in the number of terminal bronchioles (P<0.001). 	 RESULTS
A comparison of the number of terminal bronchioles and dimensions at different levels of emphysematous destruction (i.e., an increasing value for the mean linear intercept) showed that the narrowing and loss of terminal bronchioles preceded emphysematous destruction in COPD (P<0.001). 	 RESULTS
These results show that narrowing and disappearance of small conducting airways before the onset of emphysematous destruction can explain the increased peripheral airway resistance reported in COPD. 	 CONCLUSIONS
(Funded by the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute and others.). 	 CONCLUSIONS
Glioblastomas are notorious for resistance to therapy, which has been attributed to DNA-repair proficiency, a multitude of deregulated molecular pathways, and, more recently, to the particular biologic behavior of tumor stem-like cells. 	 PURPOSE
Here, we aimed to identify molecular profiles specific for treatment resistance to the current standard of care of concomitant chemoradiotherapy with the alkylating agent temozolomide. 	 PURPOSE
Gene expression profiles of 80 glioblastomas were interrogated for associations with resistance to therapy. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Patients were treated within clinical trials testing the addition of concomitant and adjuvant temozolomide to radiotherapy. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
An expression signature dominated by HOX genes, which comprises Prominin-1 (CD133), emerged as a predictor for poor survival in patients treated with concomitant chemoradiotherapy (n = 42; hazard ratio = 2.69; 95% CI, 1.38 to 5.26; P = .004). 	 RESULTS
This association could be validated in an independent data set. 	 RESULTS
Provocatively, the HOX cluster was reminiscent of a "self-renewal" signature (P = .008; Gene Set Enrichment Analysis) recently characterized in a mouse leukemia model. 	 RESULTS
The HOX signature and EGFR expression were independent prognostic factors in multivariate analysis, adjusted for the O-6-methylguanine-DNA methyltransferase (MGMT) methylation status, a known predictive factor for benefit from temozolomide, and age. 	 RESULTS
Better outcome was associated with gene clusters characterizing features of tumor-host interaction including tumor vascularization and cell adhesion, and innate immune response. 	 RESULTS
This study provides first clinical evidence for the implication of a "glioma stem cell" or "self-renewal" phenotype in treatment resistance of glioblastoma. 	 CONCLUSION
Biologic mechanisms identified here to be relevant for resistance will guide future targeted therapies and respective marker development for individualized treatment and patient selection. 	 CONCLUSION
Cancer survivors represent a growing population, heterogeneous in their need for medical care, psychosocial support, and practical assistance. 	 BACKGROUND
To inform survivorship research and practice, this manuscript will describe the prevalent population of cancer survivors in terms of overall numbers and prevalence by cancer site and time since diagnosis. 	 BACKGROUND
Incidence and survival data from 1975-2007 were obtained from the Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results Program and population projections from the United States Census Bureau. 	 METHODS
Cancer prevalence for 2012 and beyond was estimated using the Prevalence Incidence Approach Model, assuming constant future incidence and survival trends but dynamic projections of the U.S. population. 	 METHODS
As of January 1, 2012, approximately 13.7 million cancer survivors were living in the United States with prevalence projected to approach 18 million by 2022. 	 RESULTS
Sixty-four percent of this population have survived 5 years or more; 40% have survived 10 years or more; and 15% have survived 20 years or more after diagnosis. 	 RESULTS
Over the next decade, the number of people who have lived 5 years or more after their cancer diagnosis is projected to increase approximately 37% to 11.9 million. 	 RESULTS
A coordinated agenda for research and practice is needed to address cancer survivors' long-term medical, psychosocial, and practical needs across the survivorship trajectory. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Prevalence estimates for cancer survivors across the survivorship trajectory will inform the national research agenda as well as future projections about the health service needs of this population. 	 IMPACT
Low vitamin D (VD) is associated with secondary hyperparathyroidism and both contribute to deleterious consequences (reduced bone mineral density (BMD), risk of fractures and falls). 	 INTRODUCTION
To study the VD status and biological correlates in a group of postmenopausal women. 	 OBJECTIVE
We studied 123 postmenopausal women evaluated in the C.I.Parhon National Institute of Endocrinology, the Pituitary and Neuroendocrine Diseases department. 	 MATERIAL AND METHODS
All cases had been reffered for the evaluation of BMD by the general practitioner. 	 MATERIAL AND METHODS
The evaluation included serum measurements of total and ionised calcium, phosphorus, alkaline phosphatase (ALP), 25 hydroxi vitaminD (25OHD), parathyroid hormone (PTH), osteocalcin, betacrosslaps. 	 MATERIAL AND METHODS
Central DXA osteodensitometry was performed. 	 MATERIAL AND METHODS
91.9% of cases had 25OHD serum levels below 30 ng/ml (74.8% had VD deficiency, 17.1% VD insufficiency). 	 RESULTS
Only 8.1% had sufficient VD levels. 	 RESULTS
A history of fragility fractures was present in 45.83% of the osteoporotic patients, 27.27% of the osteopenic ones and 15.15% of the women with normal BMD. 	 RESULTS
32 women (26%) were on VD supplementation at the time of evaluation. 	 RESULTS
Among these subjects, the 25OHD level was significantly higher in those with prior fragility fractures (p=0.018) and osteoporosis (p=0.008). 	 RESULTS
25OHD concentration negatively correlated with PTH, alkaline phosphatase (ALP) and osteocalcin. 	 RESULTS
The bone markers evaluated had a significant inverse correlation with the radius BMD, T and Z scores (p=0.004). 	 RESULTS
27.17% of the cases with VD deficiency had secondary hyperparathyroidism. 	 RESULTS
The 25OHD concentration was significantly lower in these cases (p=0.000). 	 RESULTS
VD insufficiency is widely prevalent but still under-recognized and under-treated, possibly leading to secondary hyperparathyroidism. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The compliance to VD supplementation is lower in subjects without osteoporosis or fragility fractures. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Primary prevention measures should be more actively implemented. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To evaluate long-term prognostic effect of serum noncholesterol sterols, including plant sterols, in middle-aged men with high cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk, without statins at baseline. 	 OBJECTIVE
This was a prospective study of 232 men (mean age 60 years) at high risk of CVD in 1985-1986. 	 METHODS
Most were hypercholesterolemic, 29 (12%) had a history of CVD or cancer, 6 (3%) had diabetes, and 46 (20%) had metabolic syndrome (MS). 	 METHODS
Measured noncholesterol sterols (expressed as absolute concentrations or ratios to serum cholesterol to standardize for cholesterol concentrations) included lathosterol and desmosterol (reflect cholesterol synthesis), and plant sterols (campesterol and sitosterol) and cholestanol (reflect cholesterol absorption). 	 METHODS
Main outcome measure was total mortality. 	 METHODS
At baseline, markers of cholesterol synthesis and absorption showed expected inverse associations. 	 RESULTS
During the 22-year follow-up 101 men (43%) died. 	 RESULTS
At baseline, nonsurvivors smoked more, exercised less and had more components of MS (although not filling strict criteria), whereas traditional risk factors of CVD were not significantly different. 	 RESULTS
Of the noncholesterol sterols (either absolute or ratio), only sitosterol was significantly higher in survivors than in nonsurvivors (P=0.02). 	 RESULTS
In multivariable analyses, highest sitosterol-to-cholesterol tertile was associated with significantly lower mortality risk (HR 0.51, 95% CI 0.30-0.87) as compared to lowest tertile. 	 RESULTS
Other associations were nonsignificant, although a "global" index of cholesterol metabolism (desmosterol-to-sitosterol ratio) suggested higher cholesterol synthesis and lower absorption to be associated with higher total and CVD mortality. 	 RESULTS
Higher serum plant sterol levels in middle-aged men predicted lower long-term mortality risk, possibly reflecting an association between higher synthesis/lower absorption of cholesterol and mortality. 	 CONCLUSION
Hypoplastic left heart syndrome (HLHS) remains a lethal congenital cardiac defect. 	 RATIONALE
Recent studies have suggested that intracoronary administration of autologous cardiosphere-derived cells (CDCs) may improve ventricular function. 	 RATIONALE
The aim of this study was to test whether intracoronary delivery of CDCs is feasible and safe in patients with hypoplastic left heart syndrome. 	 OBJECTIVE
Between January 5, 2011, and January 16, 2012, 14 patients (1.8±1.5 years) were prospectively assigned to receive intracoronary infusion of autologous CDCs 33.4±8.1 days after staged procedures (n=7), followed by 7 controls with standard palliation alone. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The primary end point was to assess the safety, and the secondary end point included the preliminary efficacy to verify the right ventricular ejection fraction improvements between baseline and 3 months. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Manufacturing and intracoronary delivery of CDCs were feasible, and no serious adverse events were reported within the 18-month follow-up. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Patients treated with CDCs showed right ventricular ejection fraction improvement from baseline to 3-month follow-up (46.9%±4.6% to 52.1%±2.4%; P=0.008). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Compared with controls at 18 months, cardiac MRI analysis of CDC-treated patients showed a higher right ventricular ejection fraction (31.5%±6.8% versus 40.4%±7.6%; P=0.049), improved somatic growth (P=0.0005), reduced heart failure status (P=0.003), and lower incidence of coil occlusion for collaterals (P=0.007). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Intracoronary infusion of autologous CDCs seems to be feasible and safe in children with hypoplastic left heart syndrome after staged surgery. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Large phase 2 trials are warranted to examine the potential effects of cardiac function improvements and the long-term benefits of clinical outcomes. 	 CONCLUSIONS
http://www.clinicaltrials.gov. 	 CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION URL
Unique identifier: NCT01273857. 	 CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION URL
Long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) are a sub-class within non-coding RNA repertoire that have emerged as crucial regulators of the gene expression in various pathophysiological conditions. 	 BACKGROUND
lncRNAs display remarkable versatility and wield their functions through interactions with RNA, DNA, or proteins. 	 BACKGROUND
Accumulating body of evidence based on multitude studies has highlighted the role of lncRNAs in many autoimmune and inflammatory diseases, including type 1 diabetes (T1D). 	 BACKGROUND
This review highlights emerging roles of lncRNAs in immune and islet β cell function as well as some of the challenges and opportunities in understanding the pathogenesis of T1D and its complications. 	 BACKGROUND
We accentuate that the lncRNAs within T1D-loci regions in consort with regulatory variants and enhancer clusters orchestrate the chromatin remodeling in β cells and thereby act as cis/trans-regulatory determinants of islet cell transcriptional programs. 	 CONCLUSION
To assess whether respiratory intermediate care units (RICUs) are cost effective alternatives to intensive care units (ICUs) for patients with exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). 	 INTRODUCTION
Multi-centre, prospective, bottom-up cost study performed in 15 ICUs and 6 RICUs. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
patients staying longer than 48 h were recruited; those coming from other ICUs/RICUs, with immune-deficiency or stroke, were excluded. 	 COPD
After the ICU sample was standardised to the RICU distribution of the reason-for-admission and infusion of a vasoactive drug on admission, 60 ICU patients and 65 RICU patients remained, of the original 164 recruited. 	 COPD
For each patient, besides clinical data on admission and discharge, daily information about the resources consumed were recorded and analysed in terms of their costs. 	 COPD
Total cost per patient was lower in RICUs than in ICUs (754 vs. 1507 Euro; P < 0.0001). 	 RESULTS
In all items, except drugs and nutrition, we found a significant lower cost in RICUs. 	 RESULTS
Dead patients were noticeably different in terms of disease severity between ICUs and RICUs, while surviving ones were not. 	 RESULTS
Our study suggests that some COPD patients, less severe and with pure respiratory failure, could be successfully and less costly treated in RICUs. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To investigate the long term effect of radioactive iodine on thyroid function and size in patients with non-toxic multinodular goitre. 	 OBJECTIVE
Consecutive patients with multinodular non-toxic goitre selected for radioactive iodine treatment and followed for a minimum of 12 months (median 48 months) after an intended dose of 3.7 MBq/g thyroid tissue corrected to a 100% uptake of iodine-131 in 24 hours. 	 DESIGN
69 patients with a growing multinodular non-toxic goitre causing local compression symptoms or cosmetic inconveniences. 	 PATIENTS
The treatment was chosen because of a high operative risk, previous thyroidectomy, or refusal to be operated on. 	 PATIENTS
Standard thyroid function variables and ultrasonically determined thyroid volume before treatment as well as 1, 2, 3, 6, and 12 months after treatment and then once a year. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASUREMENTS
56 patients were treated with a single dose of 131I, 12 with two doses, and one with four doses. 	 RESULTS
In 45 patients treated with one dose and remaining euthyroid the median thyroid volume was reduced from 73 (interquartile range 50-106) ml to 29 (23-48) ml at 24 months in the 39 patients in whom this was measured during follow up. 	 RESULTS
The median reduction was 40 (22-48) ml (60% reduction, p < 0.0001), half of which occurred within three months. 	 RESULTS
Patients treated with two doses as well as those developing hypothyroidism and hyperthyroidism had a significant reduction in thyroid volume. 	 RESULTS
Eleven patients developed hypothyroidism (cumulative five year risk 22%, 95% confidence interval 4.8% to 38.4%). 	 RESULTS
Side effects were few: three cases of hyperthyroidism and two cases of radiation thyroiditis. 	 RESULTS
Only one patient was dissatisfied with the result; she was referred for operation six months after treatment. 	 RESULTS
A substantial reduction in thyroid volume accompanied by a low incidence of hypothyroidism and few side effects makes the use of radioactive iodine an attractive alternative to surgery in selected cases of non-toxic multinodular goitre. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To evaluate the effects of early lumbar disc surgery compared with prolonged conservative care for patients with sciatica over two years of follow-up. 	 OBJECTIVES
Randomised controlled trial. 	 DESIGN
Nine Dutch hospitals. 	 SETTING
283 patients with 6-12 weeks of sciatica. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Early surgery or an intended six months of continued conservative treatment, with delayed surgery if needed. 	 INTERVENTIONS
Scores from Roland disability questionnaire for sciatica, visual analogue scale for leg pain, and Likert self rating scale of global perceived recovery. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Of the 141 patients assigned to undergo early surgery, 125 (89%) underwent microdiscectomy. 	 RESULTS
Of the 142 patients assigned to conservative treatment, 62 (44%) eventually required surgery, seven doing so in the second year of follow-up. 	 RESULTS
There was no significant overall difference between treatment arms in disability scores during the first two years (P=0.25). 	 RESULTS
Improvement in leg pain was faster for patients randomised to early surgery, with a significant difference between "areas under the curves" over two years (P=0.05). 	 RESULTS
This short term benefit of early surgery was no longer significant by six months and continued to narrow between six months and 24 months. 	 RESULTS
Patient satisfaction decreased slightly between one and two years for both groups. 	 RESULTS
At two years 20% of all patients reported an unsatisfactory outcome. 	 RESULTS
Early surgery achieved more rapid relief of sciatica than conservative care, but outcomes were similar by one year and these did not change during the second year. 	 CONCLUSIONS
ISRCT 	 TRIAL REGISTRY
No 26872154. 	 TRIAL REGISTRY
Human papillomavirus (HPV) testing is more sensitive for the detection of high-grade cervical lesions than is cytology, but detection of HPV by DNA screening in two screening rounds 5 years apart has not been assessed. 	 BACKGROUND
The aim of this study was to assess whether HPV DNA testing in the first screen decreases detection of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) grade 3 or worse, CIN grade 2 or worse, and cervical cancer in the second screening. 	 BACKGROUND
In this randomised trial, women aged 29-56 years participating in the cervical screening programme in the Netherlands were randomly assigned to receive HPV DNA (GP5+/6+-PCR method) and cytology co-testing or cytology testing alone, from January, 1999, to September, 2002. 	 METHODS
Randomisation (in a 1:1 ratio) was done with computer-generated random numbers after the cervical specimen had been taken. 	 METHODS
At the second screening 5 years later, HPV DNA and cytology co-testing was done in both groups; researchers were masked to the patient's assignment. 	 METHODS
The primary endpoint was the number of CIN grade 3 or worse detected. 	 METHODS
Analysis was done by intention to screen. 	 METHODS
The trial is now finished and is registered, number ISRCTN20781131. 	 METHODS
22,420 women were randomly assigned to the intervention group and 22 518 to the control group; 19 999 in the intervention group and 20,106 in the control group were eligible for analysis at the first screen. 	 FINDINGS
At the second screen, 19 579 women in the intervention group and 19,731 in the control group were eligible, of whom 16,750 and 16,743, respectively, attended the second screen. 	 FINDINGS
In the second round, CIN grade 3 or worse was less common in the intervention group than in the control group (88 of 19 579 in the intervention group vs 122 of 19,731 in the control group; relative risk 0·73, 95% CI 0·55-0·96; p=0·023). 	 FINDINGS
Cervical cancer was also less common in the intervention group than in the control group (four of 19 579 in the intervention group vs 14 of 19,731; 0·29, 0·10-0·87; p=0·031). 	 FINDINGS
In the baseline round, detection of CIN grade 3 or worse did not differ significantly between groups (171 of 19 999 vs 150 of 20,106; 1·15, 0·92-1·43; p=0·239) but was significantly more common in women with normal cytology (34 of 19,286 vs 12 of 19,373; 2·85, 1·47-5·49; p=0·001). 	 FINDINGS
Furthermore, significantly more cases of CIN grade 2 or worse were detected in the intervention group than in the control group (267 of 19 999 vs 215 of 20,106; 1·25, 1·05-1·50; p=0·015). 	 FINDINGS
In the second screen, fewer HPV16-positive CIN grade 3 or worse were detected in the intervention group than in the control group (17 of 9481 vs 35 of 9354; 0·48, 0·27-0·85; p=0·012); detection of non-HPV16-positive CIN grade 3 or worse did not differ between groups (25 of 9481 vs 25 of 9354; 0·99, 0·57-1·72; p=1·00). 	 FINDINGS
The cumulative detection of CIN grade 3 or worse and CIN grade 2 or worse did not differ significantly between study arms, neither for the whole study group (CIN grade 3 or worse: 259 of 19 999 vs 272 of 20,106; 0·96, 0·81-1·14, p=0·631; CIN grade 2 or worse: 427 of 19 999 vs 399 of 20,106; 1·08, 0·94-1·24; p=0·292), nor for subgroups of women invited for the first time (CIN grade 3 or worse in women aged 29-33 years: 102 of 3139 vs 105 of 3128; 0·97, 0·74-1·27; CIN grade 2 or worse in women aged 29-33 years: 153 of 3139 vs 151 of 3128; 1·01, 0·81-1·26; CIN grade 3 or worse in women aged 34-56 years: 157 of 16,860 vs 167 of 16 978; 0·95, 0·76-1·18; CIN grade 2 or worse in women aged 34-56 years: 274 of 16,860 vs 248 of 16 978; 1·11, 0·94-1·32). 	 FINDINGS
Implementation of HPV DNA testing in cervical screening leads to earlier detection of clinically relevant CIN grade 2 or worse, which when adequately treated, improves protection against CIN grade 3 or worse and cervical cancer. 	 INTERPRETATION
Early detection of high-grade cervical legions caused by HPV16 was a major component of this benefit. 	 INTERPRETATION
Our results lend support to the use of HPV DNA testing for all women aged 29 years and older. 	 INTERPRETATION
Zorg Onderzoek Nederland (Netherlands Organisation for Health Research and Development). 	 FUNDING
Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) devices are becoming more and more essential for patient safety in hospitals. 	 BACKGROUND
The purpose of this study was to determine patient safety, data reliability and signal loss wearing on skin RFID devices during magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and computed tomography (CT) scanning. 	 BACKGROUND
Sixty RFID tags of the type I-Code SLI, 13.56 MHz, ISO 18000-3.1 were tested: Thirty type 1, an RFID tag with a 76 x 45 mm aluminum-etched antenna and 30 type 2, a tag with a 31 x 14 mm copper-etched antenna. 	 METHODS
The signal loss, material movement and heat tests were performed in a 1.5 T and a 3 T MR system. 	 METHODS
For data integrity, the tags were tested additionally during CT scanning. 	 METHODS
Standardized function tests were performed with all transponders before and after all imaging studies. 	 METHODS
There was no memory loss or data alteration in the RFID tags after MRI and CT scanning. 	 RESULTS
Concerning heating (a maximum of 3.6 degrees C) and device movement (below 1 N/kg) no relevant influence was found. 	 RESULTS
Concerning signal loss (artifacts 2 - 4 mm), interpretability of MR images was impaired when superficial structures such as skin, subcutaneous tissues or tendons were assessed. 	 RESULTS
Patients wearing RFID wristbands are safe in 1.5 T and 3 T MR scanners using normal operation mode for RF-field. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The findings are specific to the RFID tags that underwent testing. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The effects of Plasmodium falciparum on B-cell homeostasis have not been well characterized. 	 BACKGROUND
This study investigated whether an episode of acute malaria in young children results in changes in the peripheral B cell phenotype. 	 BACKGROUND
Using flow-cytofluorimetric analysis, the B cell phenotypes found in the peripheral blood of children aged 2-5 years were characterized during an episode of acute uncomplicated clinical malaria and four weeks post-recovery and in healthy age-matched controls. 	 METHODS
There was a significant decrease in CD19+ B lymphocytes during acute malaria. 	 RESULTS
Characterization of the CD19+ B cell subsets in the peripheral blood based on expression of IgD and CD38 revealed a significant decrease in the numbers of naive 1 CD38-IgD+ B cells while there was an increase in CD38+IgD- memory 3 B cells during acute malaria. 	 RESULTS
Further analysis of the peripheral B cell phenotype also identified an expansion of transitional CD10+CD19+ B cells in children following an episode of acute malaria with up to 25% of total CD19+ B cell pool residing in this subset. 	 RESULTS
Children experiencing an episode of acute uncomplicated clinical malaria experienced profound disturbances in B cell homeostasis. 	 CONCLUSION
Sugar-sweetened beverages like soft drinks and fruit punches contain large amounts of readily absorbable sugars and may contribute to weight gain and an increased risk of type 2 diabetes, but these relationships have been minimally addressed in adults. 	 CONTEXT
To examine the association between consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages and weight change and risk of type 2 diabetes in women. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Prospective cohort analyses conducted from 1991 to 1999 among women in the Nurses' Health Study II. 	 OBJECTIVE
The diabetes analysis included 91,249 women free of diabetes and other major chronic diseases at baseline in 1991. 	 OBJECTIVE
The weight change analysis included 51,603 women for whom complete dietary information and body weight were ascertained in 1991, 1995, and 1999. 	 OBJECTIVE
We identified 741 incident cases of confirmed type 2 diabetes during 716,300 person-years of follow-up. 	 OBJECTIVE
Weight gain and incidence of type 2 diabetes. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Those with stable consumption patterns had no difference in weight gain, but weight gain over a 4-year period was highest among women who increased their sugar-sweetened soft drink consumption from 1 or fewer drinks per week to 1 or more drinks per day (multivariate-adjusted means, 4.69 kg for 1991 to 1995 and 4.20 kg for 1995 to 1999) and was smallest among women who decreased their intake (1.34 and 0.15 kg for the 2 periods, respectively) after adjusting for lifestyle and dietary confounders. 	 RESULTS
Increased consumption of fruit punch was also associated with greater weight gain compared with decreased consumption. 	 RESULTS
After adjustment for potential confounders, women consuming 1 or more sugar-sweetened soft drinks per day had a relative risk [RR] of type 2 diabetes of 1.83 (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.42-2.36; P<.001 for trend) compared with those who consumed less than 1 of these beverages per month. 	 RESULTS
Similarly, consumption of fruit punch was associated with increased diabetes risk (RR for > or =1 drink per day compared with <1 drink per month, 2.00; 95% CI, 1.33-3.03; P =.001). 	 RESULTS
Higher consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages is associated with a greater magnitude of weight gain and an increased risk for development of type 2 diabetes in women, possibly by providing excessive calories and large amounts of rapidly absorbable sugars. 	 CONCLUSION
To determine if preoperative statin treatment is associated with a reduction in systemic inflammatory response (SIR) and myocardial damage markers following cardiac surgery with cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB). 	 OBJECTIVE
We study a prospective cohort of 138 patients who underwent coronary and valvular surgery with CPB. 	 METHODS
We differentiate two study groups: patients with (group A, n=72) or without (group B, n=66) statins. 	 METHODS
Plasma levels of pro-inflammatory interleukins (tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin (IL)-6, IL-8 and IL-2R), creatine phosphokinase (CPK), CPK-MB and troponin I were measured before and 1, 6, 24 and >72 h after surgery. 	 METHODS
The baseline, operative and postoperative morbidity and mortality characteristics were similar for both the groups. 	 RESULTS
Group A had significantly lower postoperative levels of IL-6 than group B at 6h (68.8+/-5 pg ml(-1) vs 108.9+/-108 pg ml(-1), p=0.01), 24h (71.7+/-7 pg ml(-1) vs 110.4+/-106 pg ml(-1), p=0.01) and before hospital discharge (21.6+/-12 pg ml(-1) vs 32.8+/-27 pg ml(-1), p=0.005), as well as significantly lower average IL-6 levels in the first 24h following surgery (71.8+/-5 pgml(-1) vs 112.8+/-82 pg ml(-1), p=0.002). 	 RESULTS
The postoperative CPK-MB at 24h (19.7+/-23 ng ml(-1) vs 33.1+/-32 ng ml(-1), p=0.02) and troponin I levels at the end of the intervention (2.2+/-2.2 ng ml(-1) vs 3.3+/-3.1 ng ml(-1), p=0.03) and at 24h (4.1+/-3.5 ng ml(-1) vs 6.6+/-8 ng ml(-1), p=0.04) were also significantly lower in the group treated with statins prior to surgery. 	 RESULTS
Preoperative treatment with statins is associated with a lower biochemical parameters of SIR and myocardial damage following cardiac surgery with CPB, regardless of it being coronary bypass grafting (CABG) or valvular surgery. 	 CONCLUSIONS
& AIMS Treatment of chronic hepatitis B with interferon alfa is not approved in children. 	 BACKGROUND
The aim of this study was to evaluate the safety and efficacy of interferon alfa (IFN-alpha) in children with chronic hepatitis B and increased transaminase levels. 	 BACKGROUND
Children were given either IFN-alpha2b (6 megaunits/m2 thrice weekly for 24 weeks) or no treatment. 	 METHODS
Clearance of markers of viral replication was evaluated 24 weeks after therapy and after 48 weeks of observation in controls. 	 METHODS
Of 149 children enrolled, 144 were evaluable (70 treated and 74 controls). 	 RESULTS
Serum hepatitis B e antigen and viral DNA became negative in 26% of treated children and 11% of controls (P < 0.05). 	 RESULTS
Serum aminotransferase levels normalized and liver histology improved among responders. 	 RESULTS
Hepatitis B surface antigen became undetectable in 10% of treated patients and 1% of controls. 	 RESULTS
Female gender and interferon treatment were the only significant predictors of response. 	 RESULTS
Ethnic origin, baseline aminotransferase level, initial DNA levels, and histology did not correlate with response. 	 RESULTS
Most adverse reactions were mild or moderate, and dose was reduced in 24% of children. 	 RESULTS
In children with chronic hepatitis B, INF-alpha promotes loss of viral replication markers and surface antigen and improves aminotransferases and histology. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Patients with advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) can develop acquired resistance to epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) erlotinib and gefitinib. 	 BACKGROUND
Here, we report the successful treatment with alternating chemotherapy and TKIs of two cases of advanced NSCLC who developed resistance to TKI. 	 BACKGROUND
Two patients with advanced or metastatic NSCLC were treated with palliative chemotherapy followed by erlotinib/gefitinib. 	 CASE PRESENTATION
When TKI therapy failed, two cycles of chemotherapy were provided, which were followed by re-challenge with erlotinib or gefitinib. 	 CASE PRESENTATION
patients with acquired TKI resistance should be managed aggressively whenever possible. 	 CONCLUSION NSCLC
Subsequent chemotherapy and target treatment is one of the reasonable choices for those with an initial dramatic clinical response with erlotinib/gefitinib treatment. 	 CONCLUSION NSCLC
Further studies are warranted to substantiate the association of erlotinib /gefitinib treatment with the efficacy of NSCLC patients with acquired TKI failure. 	 CONCLUSION NSCLC
Advances made in the past ten years highlight the notion that peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors gamma (PPARγ) has protective properties in the pathophysiology of osteoarthritis (OA). 	 OBJECTIVE
The aim of this study was to define the roles of PPARγ in AGEs-induced inflammatory response in human chondrocytes. 	 OBJECTIVE
Primary human chondrocytes were stimulated with AGEs in the presence or absence of neutralizing antibody against RAGE (anti-RAGE), MAPK specific inhibitors and PPARγ agonist pioglitazone. 	 METHODS
The expression of IL-1, MMP-13, TNF-α, PPARγ, nuclear NF-κB p65 and cytosol IκBα was determined by western blotting and real-time PCR. 	 METHODS
AGEs could enhance the expression of IL-1, TNF-α, and MMP-13, but the level of PPARγ was decreased in a time- and dose-dependent manner, which was inhibited by anti-RAGE, SB203580 (P38 MAPK specific inhibitor) and SP600125 (a selective inhibitor of JNK). 	 RESULTS
PPARγ agonist pioglitazone could inhibit the effects of AGEs-induced inflammatory response and PPARγ down-regulation. 	 RESULTS
In human chondrocytes, AGEs could induce cytosol IκBα degradation and increase the level of nuclear NF-κB p65, which was inhibited by PPARγ agonist pioglitazone. 	 RESULTS
In primary human chondrocytes, AGEs could down-regulate PPARγ expression and increase the inflammatory mediators, which could be reversed by PPARγ agonist pioglitazone. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Activation of RAGE by AGEs triggers a cascade of downstream signaling, including MAPK JNK/ p38, PPARγ and NF-κB. Taken together, PPARγ could be a potential target for pharmacologic intervention in the treatment of OA. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) with significant left to right shunt in preterm infants increases morbidity and mortality. 	 BACKGROUND
Early closure of the ductus arteriosus may be achieved pharmacologically using cyclooxygenase inhibitors or by surgery. 	 BACKGROUND
The efficacy of both treatment modalities is well established. 	 BACKGROUND
However, the preferred initial treatment of a symptomatic PDA in a preterm infant, surgical ligation or treatment with indomethacin, has not been well established. 	 BACKGROUND
To compare the effect of surgical ligation of PDA vs. medical treatment with cyclooxygenase inhibitors (using indomethacin, ibuprofen, or mefenamic acid), each used as the initial treatment, on neonatal mortality in preterm infants with a symptomatic PDA. 	 OBJECTIVES
The standard search strategy of the Cochrane Neonatal Review Group was used. 	 SEARCH STRATEGY
This included search of electronic databases: Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL, The Cochrane Library, Issue 2, 2007), MEDLINE (1966 - July 2007), CINAHL (1982 - July 2007), EMBASE (1980 - July 2007); and hand search of abstracts of Pediatric Academic Societies annual meetings published in Pediatric Research (1990 - April 2002) or on line from May 2002 -July 2007. 	 SEARCH STRATEGY
No language restrictions were applied. 	 SEARCH STRATEGY
All trials 1) using randomized or quasi-randomized patient allocation, 2) in preterm infants < 37 weeks gestational age or low-birth-weight infants (< 2500 grams) with symptomatic PDA in the neonatal period (< 28 days) and 3) comparing surgical ligation with medical treatment with cyclooxygenase inhibitors, each used as the initial treatment for closure of PDA. 	 SELECTION CRITERIA
Assessment of methodological quality and extraction of data for included trials was undertaken independently by the authors. 	 DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS
RevMan 4.1 was used for analysis of the data. 	 DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS
Only one study, trial B in the report of Gersony 1983, was found eligible. 	 MAIN RESULTS
No additional studies were identified in the literature searches performed in July 2007. 	 MAIN RESULTS
The trial compared the effect of surgical ligation of PDA vs. medical treatment with indomethacin, each used as the primary treatment. 	 MAIN RESULTS
No trials comparing surgery to other cyclooxygenase inhibitors (ibuprofen, mefenamic acid) were found. 	 MAIN RESULTS
Trial B of Gersony 1983 enrolled 154 infants. 	 MAIN RESULTS
The study found no statistically significant difference between surgical closure and indomethacin treatment in mortality during hospital stay, chronic lung disease, other bleeding, necrotizing enterocolitis, sepsis, creatinine level, or intraventricular hemorrhage. 	 MAIN RESULTS
There was a statistically significant increase in the surgical group in incidence of pneumothorax [RR 2.68 (95% CI 1.45, 4.93); RD 0.25 (95% CI 0.11, 0.38); NNH 4 (95% CI 3, 9)] and retinopathy of prematurity stage III and IV [RR 3.80 (95% CI 1.12, 12.93); RD 0.11 (95% CI 0.02, 0.20), NNH 9 (95% CI 5, 50] compared to the indomethacin group. 	 MAIN RESULTS
There was as expected a statistically significant decrease in failure of ductal closure rate in the surgical group as compared to the indomethacin group: [RR 0.04 (95% CI 0.01, 0.27); RD -0.32 (95% CI -0.43, -0.21), NNT 3 (95% CI 2, 4)]. 	 MAIN RESULTS
AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS The data regarding net benefit/harm are insufficient to make a conclusion as to whether surgical ligation or medical treatment with indomethacin is preferred as initial treatment for symptomatic PDA in preterm infants. 	 MAIN RESULTS
It should be noted that three recent observational studies indicated an increased risk for one or more of the following outcomes associated with PDA ligation; chronic lung disease, retinopathy of prematurity and neurosensory impairment . 	 MAIN RESULTS
It is possible that the duration of the "waiting-time" and transport to another facility with surgical capacity to have the PDA ligated could adversely affect outcomes, as could the perioperative care. 	 MAIN RESULTS
Late April 2009, human infection with variant influenza virus A(H1N1)v emerged in the Northern Americas posing a threat that this virus may become the next pandemic influenza virus. 	 BACKGROUND
To prepare laboratories for surge capacity for molecular diagnosis of patients suspected for A(H1N1)v infection in the Netherlands. 	 OBJECTIVES
A panel of 10 blinded specimens containing seasonal A(H1N1) or A(H3N2), or A/Netherlands/602/2009(H1N1)v influenza virus, or negative control was distributed to the outbreak assistance laboratories (OAL) together with influenza virus A (M-gene), swine influenza virus A (NP-gene) and influenza virus A(H1N1)v (H1v-gene) specific primers and probes and protocol (CDC Atlanta, USA). 	 STUDY DESIGN
Laboratories were asked to implement and test this protocol. 	 STUDY DESIGN
All OAL were able to detect A(H1N1)v using the CDC M-gene reagents, the majority with similar sensitivity as the in-house M-gene based assays. 	 RESULTS
RT-PCRs used in routine diagnostic setting in the OAL specifically designed to detect H1, H3, or NS1 from seasonal influenza A viruses, did not or at very low level cross-react with A(H1N1)v. 	 RESULTS
The CDC swine NP-gene and H1v-gene RT-PCRs showed somewhat reduced sensitivity compared to the CDC and in-house M-gene RT-PCRs. 	 RESULTS
In contrast, in-house developed A(H1N1)v specific H1v-gene and N1v-gene RT-PCRs showed equal sensitivity to CDC and in-house M-gene RT-PCRs. 	 RESULTS
The Dutch OAL are prepared for detection and specific identification of A(H1N1)v, although some level of cross-reactivity was observed with seasonal influenza viruses. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Additionally, M-gene based generic influenza A virus detection is recommended to be able to detect emerging influenza A viruses in routine settings. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Taxing sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs) has been proposed in high-income countries to reduce obesity and type 2 diabetes. 	 BACKGROUND
We sought to estimate the potential health effects of such a fiscal strategy in the middle-income country of India, where there is heterogeneity in SSB consumption, patterns of substitution between SSBs and other beverages after tax increases, and vast differences in chronic disease risk within the population. 	 BACKGROUND
Using consumption and price variations data from a nationally representative survey of 100,855 Indian households, we first calculated how changes in SSB price alter per capita consumption of SSBs and substitution with other beverages. 	 METHODS
We then incorporated SSB sales trends, body mass index (BMI), and diabetes incidence data stratified by age, sex, income, and urban/rural residence into a validated microsimulation of caloric consumption, glycemic load, overweight/obesity prevalence, and type 2 diabetes incidence among Indian subpopulations facing a 20% SSB excise tax. 	 METHODS
The 20% SSB tax was anticipated to reduce overweight and obesity prevalence by 3.0% (95% CI 1.6%-5.9%) and type 2 diabetes incidence by 1.6% (95% CI 1.2%-1.9%) among various Indian subpopulations over the period 2014-2023, if SSB consumption continued to increase linearly in accordance with secular trends. 	 RESULTS
However, acceleration in SSB consumption trends consistent with industry marketing models would be expected to increase the impact efficacy of taxation, averting 4.2% of prevalent overweight/obesity (95% CI 2.5-10.0%) and 2.5% (95% CI 1.0-2.8%) of incident type 2 diabetes from 2014-2023. 	 RESULTS
Given current consumption and BMI distributions, our results suggest the largest relative effect would be expected among young rural men, refuting our a priori hypothesis that urban populations would be isolated beneficiaries of SSB taxation. 	 RESULTS
Key limitations of this estimation approach include the assumption that consumer expenditure behavior from prior years, captured in price elasticities, will reflect future behavior among consumers, and potential underreporting of consumption in dietary recall data used to inform our calculations. 	 RESULTS
Sustained SSB taxation at a high tax rate could mitigate rising obesity and type 2 diabetes in India among both urban and rural subpopulations. 	 CONCLUSION
The CpG island methylator phenotype (CIMP) may be associated with development of malignancy through coordinated inactivation of tumor suppressor and tumor-related genes (TRG) and methylation of multiple noncoding, methylated-in-tumor (MINT) loci. 	 PURPOSE
These epigenetic changes create a distinct CIMP pattern that has been linked to recurrence and survival in gastrointestinal cancers. 	 PURPOSE
Because epigenetic inactivation of TRGs also has been shown in malignant melanoma, we hypothesized the existence of a clinically significant CIMP in cutaneous melanoma progression. 	 PURPOSE
The methylation status of the CpG island promoter region of TRGs related to melanoma pathophysiology (WIF1, TFPI2, RASSF1A, RARbeta2, SOCS1, and GATA4) and a panel of MINT loci (MINT1, MINT2, MINT3, MINT12, MINT17, MINT25, and MINT31) in primary and metastatic tumors of different clinical stages (n=122) was assessed. 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Here, we show an increase in hypermethylation of the TRGs WIF1, TFPI2, RASSF1A, and SOCS1 with advancing clinical tumor stage. 	 RESULTS
Furthermore, we find a significant positive association between the methylation status of MINT17, MINT31, and TRGs. 	 RESULTS
The methylation status of MINT31 is associated with disease outcome in stage III melanoma. 	 RESULTS
These findings show the significance of a CIMP pattern that is associated with advancing clinical stage of malignant melanoma. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Future prospective large-scale studies may determine if CIMP-positive primary melanomas are at high risk of metastasis or recurrence. 	 CONCLUSIONS
We have previously identified solute-linked carrier family A1 member 5 (SLC1A5) as an overexpressed protein in a shotgun proteomic analysis of stage I non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) when compared with matched controls. 	 PURPOSE
We hypothesized that overexpression of SLC1A5 occurs to meet the metabolic demand for lung cancer cell growth and survival. 	 PURPOSE
To test our hypothesis, we first analyzed the protein expression of SLC1A5 in archival lung cancer tissues by immunohistochemistry and immunoblotting (N = 98) and in cell lines (N = 36). 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
To examine SLC1A5 involvement in amino acid transportation, we conducted kinetic analysis of l-glutamine (Gln) uptake in lung cancer cell lines in the presence and absence of a pharmacologic inhibitor of SLC1A5, gamma-l-Glutamyl-p-Nitroanilide (GPNA). 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Finally, we examined the effect of Gln deprivation and uptake inhibition on cell growth, cell-cycle progression, and growth signaling pathways of five lung cancer cell lines. 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Our results show that (i) SLC1A5 protein is expressed in 95% of squamous cell carcinomas (SCC), 74% of adenocarcinomas (ADC), and 50% of neuroendocrine tumors; (ii) SLC1A5 is located at the cytoplasmic membrane and is significantly associated with SCC histology and male gender; (iii) 68% of Gln is transported in a Na(+)-dependent manner, 50% of which is attributed to SLC1A5 activity; and (iv) pharmacologic and genetic targeting of SLC1A5 decreased cell growth and viability in lung cancer cells, an effect mediated in part by mTOR signaling. 	 RESULTS
These results suggest that SLC1A5 plays a key role in Gln transport controlling lung cancer cells' metabolism, growth, and survival. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The β-secretase enzyme, β-site amyloid precursor protein-cleaving enzyme 1 (BACE1), cleaves amyloid precursor protein (APP) in the first step in β-amyloid (Aβ) peptide production. 	 INTRODUCTION
Thus, BACE1 is a key target for candidate disease-modifying treatment of Alzheimer's disease. 	 INTRODUCTION
In a previous exploratory Aβ biomarker study, we found that BACE1 inhibitor treatment resulted in decreased levels of Aβ1-34 together with increased Aβ5-40, suggesting that these Aβ species may be novel pharmacodynamic biomarkers in clinical trials. 	 INTRODUCTION
We have now examined whether the same holds true in humans. 	 INTRODUCTION
In an investigator-blind, placebo-controlled and randomized study, healthy subjects (n =18) were randomly assigned to receive a single dose of 30 mg of LY2811376 (n =6), 90 mg of LY2811376 (n =6), or placebo (n =6). 	 METHODS
We used hybrid immunoaffinity-mass spectrometry (HI-MS) and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays to monitor a variety of Aβ peptides. 	 METHODS
Here, we demonstrate dose-dependent changes in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) Aβ1-34, Aβ5-40 and Aβ5-X after treatment with the BACE1-inhibitor LY2811376. 	 RESULTS
Aβ5-40 and Aβ5-X increased dose-dependently, as reflected by two independent methods, while Aβ1-34 dose-dependently decreased. 	 RESULTS
Using HI-MS for the first time in a study where subjects have been treated with a BACE inhibitor, we confirm that CSF Aβ1-34 may be useful in clinical trials on BACE1 inhibitors to monitor target engagement. 	 CONCLUSION
Since it is less hydrophobic than longer Aβ species, it is less susceptible to preanalytical confounding factors and may thus be a more stable marker. 	 CONCLUSION
By independent measurement techniques, we also show that BACE1 inhibition in humans is associated with APP-processing into N-terminally truncated Aβ peptides via a BACE1-independent pathway. 	 CONCLUSION
ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00838084. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
Registered: First received: January 23, 2009, Last updated: July 14, 2009, Last verified: July 2009. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
The aim of the study was to analyse differences in mortality from the main cardiovascular diseases (ischaemic heart disease, hypertensive disease, and cerebrovascular disease) among Chinese, Malays, and Indians in Singapore. 	 STUDY OBJECTIVE
DESIGN 	 STUDY OBJECTIVE
The study was a survey using national death registration data in Singapore for the five years 1980 to 1984. 	 STUDY OBJECTIVE
The underlying cause of death, coded according to the ninth revision of the International Classification of Diseases, was taken for the analyses. 	 STUDY OBJECTIVE
The study was confined to the independent island state of Singapore, population 2.53 million (Chinese 76.5%, Malays 14.8%, Indians 6.4%, Others 2.3%). 	 SETTING
Death registration is thought to be complete. 	 SETTING
All registered deaths in the age range 30-69 years during the study period were analysed by ethnic group. 	 SUBJECTS
Indians had higher mortality from ischaemic heart disease than the other ethnic groups in both sexes, with age-standardised relative risks of Indian v Chinese (males 3.8, females 3.4), Indian v Malay (males 1.9, females 1.6), and Malay v Chinese (males 2.0, females 2.2). 	 MEASUREMENT AND MAIN RESULTS
The excess mortality in Indians declined with age. 	 MEASUREMENT AND MAIN RESULTS
For hypertensive disease Malays had the highest mortality, with age-standardised relative risks of Malay v Chinese (males 3.4, females 4.4), Malay v Indian (males 2.0, females 2.5), and Indian v Chinese (males 1.6, females 1.6). 	 MEASUREMENT AND MAIN RESULTS
For cerebrovascular disease there was little ethnic difference except for lower rates in Chinese females, with age-standardised relative risks of Malay v Chinese (males 1.1, females 1.9), Malay v Indian (males 1.0, females 1.1), and Indian v Chinese (males 1.1, females 1.7). 	 MEASUREMENT AND MAIN RESULTS
There are significant differences in mortality from the three main cardiovascular diseases in the different ethnic groups in Singapore. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The electrical activity of the atrioventricular node (AVN) is functionally heterogeneous, but how this relates to distinct cell types and the 3-dimensional structure of the AVN is unknown. 	 BACKGROUND
To address this, we have studied the expression of Na(V)1.5 and other Na+ channel isoforms in the AVN. 	 BACKGROUND
The rat AVN was identified by Masson's trichrome staining together with immunolabeling of marker proteins: connexin40, connexin43, desmoplakin, atrial natriuretic peptide, and hyperpolarization-activated and cyclic nucleotide-gated channel 4. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Na+ channel expression was investigated with immunohistochemistry with isoform-specific Na+ channel antibodies. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Na(V)1.1 was distributed in a similar manner to Na(V)1.5. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Na(V)1.2 was not detected. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Na(V)1.3 labeling was present in nerve fibers and cell bodies (but not myocytes) and was abundant in the penetrating atrioventricular (AV) bundle and the common bundle but was much less abundant in other regions. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Na(V)1.5 labeling was abundant in the atrial and ventricular myocardium and the left bundle branch. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Na(V)1.5 labeling was absent in the open node, penetrating AV bundle, AV ring bundle, and common bundle but present at a reduced level in the inferior nodal extension and transitional zone. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Na(V)1.6 was not detected. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Our findings provide molecular evidence of multiple electrophysiological cell types at the AV junction. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Impaired AV conduction as a result of mutations in or loss of Na(V)1.5 must be the result of impaired conduction in the AVN inputs (inferior nodal extension and transitional zone) or output (bundle branches) rather than the AVN itself (open node and penetrating AV bundle). 	 CONCLUSIONS
Tuberculosis (TB) has been reported to be associated with poverty, especially in developing countries. 	 BACKGROUND
Hong Kong is one of the few industrialised areas with a high incidence of TB where previous reports on the effect of poverty at neighbourhood level have been conflicting. 	 BACKGROUND
To examine the spatial distribution of TB and its association with neighbourhood risk factors. 	 OBJECTIVE
A total of 17 294 TB cases notified from 2005 to 2007 were mapped down to the District Council Constituency Area (DCCA) level, and were indirectly standardised by age and sex using 2006 census population data. 	 METHOD
The standardised TB ratio was correlated with neighbourhood risk factors classified by family, ethnicity, economic and environmental domains. 	 METHOD
The indirect age- and sex-standardised ratio demonstrated a spatially varied pattern, and was significantly associated with all neighbourhood factors on univariate analysis. 	 RESULTS
Only marital status, place of birth and low household income were independently associated with the standardised TB ratio on multivariate analysis. 	 RESULTS
Despite the virtual elimination of absolute poverty by a well-developed social assistance scheme, low household income in the neighbourhood was significantly associated with TB, independently of place of birth, marital status and other risk factors. 	 CONCLUSION
Emergency postcoital contraception prevents pregnancy, but it must be prescribed by a doctor and taken within 72 hours of intercourse. 	 BACKGROUND
It has been proposed that emergency contraception be made available without a prescription. 	 BACKGROUND
We undertook a study to learn how women might behave if given a supply of emergency contraceptive pills to keep at home. 	 BACKGROUND
We assigned 553 women to be given a replaceable supply of hormonal emergency contraceptive pills to take home (the treatment group) and 530 women to use emergency contraception obtained by visiting a doctor (the control group). 	 METHODS
The frequency of use of emergency contraception, the use of other contraceptives, and the incidence of unwanted pregnancy were determined in both groups of women one year later. 	 METHODS
The results for 549 women in the treatment group and 522 women in the control group were available for analysis. 	 RESULTS
Three hundred seventy-nine of the women in the treatment group (69 percent) and 326 of the women in the control group (62 percent) contributed detailed information at follow-up. 	 RESULTS
One hundred eighty of the women in the treatment group (47 percent) used emergency contraception at least once. 	 RESULTS
Among those who returned the study questionnaire, 98 percent used emergency contraception correctly. 	 RESULTS
There were no serious adverse effects. 	 RESULTS
Eighty-seven women in the control group (27 percent) used emergency contraception at least once (P<0.001 for the comparison with the treatment group). 	 RESULTS
The women in the treatment group were not more likely to use emergency contraception repeatedly. 	 RESULTS
Their use of other methods of contraception was no different from that of the women in the control group. 	 RESULTS
There were 18 unintended pregnancies in the treatment group and 25 in the control group (relative risk, 0.7; 95 percent confidence interval, 0.4 to 1.2). 	 RESULTS
Making emergency contraception more easily obtainable does no harm and may reduce the rate of unwanted pregnancies. 	 CONCLUSIONS
No antidiabetic regimen has demonstrated the ability to reduce progression of coronary atherosclerosis. 	 CONTEXT
Commonly used oral glucose-lowering agents include sulfonylureas, which are insulin secretagogues, and thiazolidinediones, which are insulin sensitizers. 	 CONTEXT
To compare the effects of an insulin sensitizer, pioglitazone, with an insulin secretagogue, glimepiride, on the progression of coronary atherosclerosis in patients with type 2 diabetes. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Double-blind, randomized, multicenter trial at 97 academic and community hospitals in North and South America (enrollment August 2003-March 2006) in 543 patients with coronary disease and type 2 diabetes. 	 OBJECTIVE
A total of 543 patients underwent coronary intravascular ultrasonography and were randomized to receive glimepiride, 1 to 4 mg, or pioglitazone, 15 to 45 mg, for 18 months with titration to maximum dosage, if tolerated. 	 INTERVENTIONS
Atherosclerosis progression was measured by repeat intravascular ultrasonography examination in 360 patients at study completion. 	 INTERVENTIONS
Change in percent atheroma volume (PAV) from baseline to study completion. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
Least squares mean PAV increased 0.73% (95% CI, 0.33% to 1.12%) with glimepiride and decreased 0.16% (95% CI, -0.57% to 0.25%) with pioglitazone(P = .002). 	 RESULTS
An alternative analysis imputing values for noncompleters based on baseline characteristics showed an increase in PAV of 0.64% (95% CI, 0.23% to 1.05%) for glimepiride and a decrease of 0.06% (-0.47% to 0.35%) for pioglitazone (between-group P = .02). 	 RESULTS
Mean (SD) baseline HbA(1c) levels were 7.4% (1.0%) in both groups and declined during treatment an average 0.55% (95% CI, -0.68% to -0.42%) with pioglitazone and 0.36% (95% CI, -0.48% to -0.24%) with glimepiride (between-group P = .03). 	 RESULTS
In the pioglitazone group, compared with glimepiride, high-density lipoprotein levels increased 5.7 mg/dL (95% CI, 4.4 to 7.0 mg/dL; 16.0%) vs 0.9 mg/dL (95% CI, -0.3 to 2.1 mg/dL; 4.1%), and median triglyceride levels decreased 16.3 mg/dL (95% CI, -27.7 to -11.0 mg/dL; 15.3%) vs an increase of 3.3 mg/dL (95% CI, -10.7 to 11.7 mg/dL; 0.6%) (P < .001 for both comparisons). 	 RESULTS
Median fasting insulin levels decreased with pioglitazone and increased with glimepiride (P < .001). 	 RESULTS
Hypoglycemia was more common in the glimepiride group and edema, fractures, and decreased hemoglobin levels occurred more frequently in the pioglitazone group. 	 RESULTS
In patients with type 2 diabetes and coronary artery disease, treatment with pioglitazone resulted in a significantly lower rate of progression of coronary atherosclerosis compared with glimepiride. 	 CONCLUSION
clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00225277. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
BACKGROUND/AIMS The small GTPase of Ras and Rho families are widely involved in human tumorgenesis and metastasis. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
It has recently been reported that pamidronate inhibits the mevalonate pathway, which is required for the prenylation of the small GTPase. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
We demonstrated a possible beneficial use of pamidronate in the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
The effect of pamidronate on cell proliferation was analyzed with five hepatoma cell lines using MTT assay. 	 METHODS
Apoptosis was evaluated by staining with DAPI and a histon ELISA assay. 	 METHODS
A cell migration assay was performed using the Modified Boyden Chamber. 	 METHODS
To analyze anti-proliferation effect of pamidronate in vivo, tumor volumes were monitored with the intraperitoneal injection of pamidronate after subcutaneous inoculation of PLC/PRF/5 cells into nude mice. 	 METHODS
Pamidronate inhibited cell growth for all hepatoma cell lines. 	 RESULTS
The amount of membrane associated Ras and phosphorylated extracellular signal-regulated kinase 2 (ERK 2) were reduced after pamidronate treatment. 	 RESULTS
Pamidronate increased apoptosis and cleavage of Caspase-3, and -9. 	 RESULTS
Pamidronate suppressed membrane associated RhoA and cell motility. 	 RESULTS
In vivo, tumor volumes were significantly suppressed by pamidronate at three weeks (P<0.03). 	 RESULTS
We conclude that pamidronate has therapeutic potential in inducing anti-proliferative, apoptotic, and anti-migratory effects in HCC. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Cellular nucleic acid binding protein (CNBP) has been implicated in vertebrate craniofacial development and in myotonic dystrophy type 2 (DM2) and sporadic inclusion body myositis (sIBM) human diseases by controlling cell proliferation and survival to mediate neural crest expansion. 	 BACKGROUND
has been found to bind single-stranded nucleic acid and promote rearrangements of nucleic acid secondary structure in an ATP-independent manner, acting as a nucleic acid chaperone. 	 CNBP
A variety of methods were used, including cell viability assays, wound-scratch assays, chemotaxis assays, invasion assays, circular dichroic (CD) spectroscopy, NMR spectroscopy, chromatin immunoprecipitation, expression and purification of recombinant human CNBP, electrophoretic mobility shift assay (EMSA), surface plasmon resonance (SPR), fluorescence resonance energy transfer (FRET) analyses, luciferase reporter assay, Western blotting, and isothermal titration calorimetry (ITC). 	 METHODS
Up-regulation of CNBP induced human fibrosarcoma cell death and suppressed fibrosarcoma cell motility and invasiveness. 	 RESULTS
It was found that CNBP transcriptionally down-regulated the expression of heterogeneous ribonucleoprotein K (hnRNP K) through its conversion of a G-rich sequence into G-quadruplex in the promoter of hnRNP K. G-quadruplex stabilizing ligand tetra-(N-methyl-4-pyridyl) porphyrin (TMPyP4) could interact with and stabilize the G-quadruplex, resulting in downregulation of hnRNP K transcription. 	 RESULTS
overexpression caused increase of cell death and suppression of cell metastasis through its induction of G-quadruplex formation in the promoter of hnRNP K resulting in hnRNP K down-regulation. 	 CONCLUSIONS CNBP
The present result provided a new solution for controlling hnRNP K expression, which should shed light on new anticancer drug design and development. 	 GENERAL SIGNIFICANCE
Raised concentrations of nitrate and nitrite have been found in exhaled breath condensate (EBC) in airway disease, and it has been postulated that this reflects increased nitric oxide (NO) metabolism. 	 BACKGROUND
However, the chemical and anatomical origin of nitrate and nitrite in the airways has not yet been sufficiently studied. 	 BACKGROUND
The fraction of exhaled NO at an exhalation flow rate of 50 ml/s (FE(NO)) and nitrite and nitrate in EBC, nasal condensate, and saliva were measured in 17 tracheostomised and 15 non-tracheostomised subjects, all of whom were non-smokers without respiratory disease. 	 METHODS
Tracheal and oral samples were taken from the tracheostomised subjects and nasal (during velum closure) and oral samples from the non-tracheostomised subjects. 	 METHODS
Measurements were performed before and after sodium nitrate ingestion (10 mg/kg) and use of antibacterial mouthwash (chlorhexidine 0.2%). 	 METHODS
In tracheostomised subjects oral FE(NO) increased by 90% (p<0.01) while tracheal FE(NO) was not affected 60 minutes after nitrate ingestion. 	 RESULTS
Oral EBC nitrite levels were increased 23-fold at 60 minutes (p<0.001) whereas the nitrite levels in tracheal EBC showed only a minor increase (fourfold, p<0.05). 	 RESULTS
Nitrate was increased the same amount in oral and tracheal EBC at 60 minutes (2.5-fold, p<0.05). 	 RESULTS
In non-tracheostomised subjects oral FE(NO) and EBC nitrite increased after nitrate ingestion and after chlorhexidine mouthwash they approached baseline levels again (p<0.001). 	 RESULTS
Nasal NO, nitrate, and nitrite were not affected by nitrate intake or mouthwash. 	 RESULTS
At baseline, mouthwash with deionised water did not affect nitrite in oral EBC or saliva, whereas significant reductions were seen after antibacterial mouthwash (p<0.05 and p<0.001, respectively). 	 RESULTS
Besides the salivary glands, plasma nitrate is taken up by the lower airways but not the nasal airways. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Nitrate levels in EBC are thus influenced by dietary intake. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Nitrate is reduced to nitrite by bacterial activity which takes place primarily in the oropharyngeal tract of healthy subjects. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Only oropharyngeal nitrite seems to contribute to exhaled NO in non-inflamed airways, and there is also a substantial contribution of nitrite from the oropharyngeal tract during standard collection of EBC. 	 CONCLUSIONS
ST2 is an interleukin (IL)-1 receptor family member with membrane-bound (ST2L) and soluble (sST2) isoforms, and sST2 is a biomarker for poor outcome in patients with myocardial infarction (MI). 	 BACKGROUND
IL-33, the recently discovered ligand for ST2, activates nuclear factor kappaB and thus may regulate apoptotic cell death. 	 BACKGROUND
We tested the hypothesis that IL-33 is cardioprotective after MI through ST2 signaling. 	 BACKGROUND
IL-33 protected cultured cardiomyocytes from hypoxia-induced apoptosis, and this cardioprotection was partially inhibited by sST2. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
IL-33 induced expression of the antiapoptotic factors XIAP, cIAP1, and survivin. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
To define the cardioprotective role of IL-33 in vivo, we performed a blinded and randomized study of ischemia/reperfusion in rats. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
IL-33 reduced cardiomyocyte apoptosis, suppressed caspase-3 activity, and increased expression of IAP family member proteins. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
IL-33 decreased both infarct and fibrosis volumes at 15 days; furthermore, both echocardiographic and hemodynamic studies revealed that IL-33 improved ventricular function. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
To determine whether cardioprotection by IL-33 is mediated through ST2 signaling, a randomized and blinded study of ST2(-/-) versus wild-type littermate mice was performed in 98 mice subjected to MI. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
At 4 weeks after MI, IL-33 reduced ventricular dilation and improved contractile function in wild-type mice but not in ST2(-/-) mice. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Finally, IL-33 improved survival after MI in wild-type but not in ST2(-/-) mice. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
IL-33 prevents cardiomyocyte apoptosis and improves cardiac function and survival after MI through ST2 signaling. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In the year 2000, the organizational structure of the ICU in the Zaandam Medical Centre (ZMC) changed from an open to a closed format ICU. 	 BACKGROUND
The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of this organizational change on outcome in high risk surgical patients. 	 BACKGROUND
The medical records of all consecutive high risk surgical patients admitted to the ICU from 1996 to 1998 (open format) and from 2003 to 2005 (closed format), were reviewed. 	 METHODS
High-risk patients were defined according to the Identification of Risk in Surgical patients (IRIS) score. 	 METHODS
Parameters studied were: mortality, morbidity, ICU length of stay (LOS) and hospital LOS. 	 METHODS
Mortality of ICU patients was 25.7% in the open format group and 15.8% in the closed format group (p = 0.01). 	 RESULTS
Morbidity decreased from 48.6% to 46.1% (p = 0.6). 	 RESULTS
The average length of hospital stay was 17 days in the open format group, and 21 days in the closed format group (p = 0.03). 	 RESULTS
High risk surgical patients in the ICU are patients that have undergone complex and often extensive surgery. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These patients are in need of specialized treatment and careful monitoring for maximum safety and optimal care. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Our results suggest that closed format is a more favourable setting than open format to minimize the effects of high risk surgery, and to warrant safe outcome in this patient group. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Antibody-based induction therapy plus calcineurin inhibitors (CNIs) reduce acute rejection rates in kidney recipients; however, opportunistic infections and toxic CNI effects remain challenging. 	 CONTEXT
Reportedly, mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) have successfully treated graft-vs-host disease. 	 CONTEXT
To assess autologous MSCs as replacement of antibody induction for patients with end-stage renal disease who undergo ABO-compatible, cross-match-negative kidney transplants from a living-related donor. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PATIENTS One hundred fifty-nine patients were enrolled in this single-site, prospective, open-label, randomized study from February 2008-May 2009, when recruitment was completed. 	 OBJECTIVE
Patients were inoculated with marrow-derived autologous MSC (1-2 x 10(6)/kg) at kidney reperfusion and two weeks later. 	 INTERVENTION
Fifty-three patients received standard-dose and 52 patients received low-dose CNIs (80% of standard); 51 patients in the control group received anti-IL-2 receptor antibody plus standard-dose CNIs. 	 INTERVENTION
The primary measure was 1-year incidence of acute rejection and renal function (estimated glomerular filtration rate [eGFR]); the secondary measure was patient and graft survival and incidence of adverse events. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Patient and graft survival at 13 to 30 months was similar in all groups. 	 RESULTS
After 6 months, 4 of 53 patients (7.5%) in the autologous MSC plus standard-dose CNI group (95% CI, 0.4%-14.7%; P = .04) and 4 of 52 patients (7.7%) in the low-dose group (95% CI, 0.5%-14.9%; P = .046) compared with 11 of 51 controls (21.6%; 95% CI, 10.5%-32.6%) had biopsy-confirmed acute rejection. 	 RESULTS
None of the patients in either autologous MSC group had glucorticoid-resistant rejection, whereas 4 patients (7.8%) in the control group did (95% CI, 0.6%-15.1%; overall P = .02). 	 RESULTS
Renal function recovered faster among both MSC groups showing increased eGFR levels during the first month after surgery than the control group. 	 RESULTS
Patients receiving standard-dose CNI had a mean difference of 6.2 mL/min per 1.73 m(2) (95% CI, 0.4-11.9; P=.04) and those in the low-dose CNI of 10.0 mL/min per 1.73 m(2) (95% CI, 3.8-16.2; P=.002). 	 RESULTS
Also, during the 1-year follow-up, combined analysis of MSC-treated groups revealed significantly decreased risk of opportunistic infections than the control group (hazard ratio, 0.42; 95% CI, 0.20-0.85, P=.02)   CONCLUSION Among patients undergoing renal transplant, the use of autologous MSCs compared with anti-IL-2 receptor antibody induction therapy resulted in lower incidence of acute rejection, decreased risk of opportunistic infection, and better estimated renal function at 1 year. 	 RESULTS
clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00658073. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
Paralysis or amputation of an arm results in the loss of the ability to orient the hand and grasp, manipulate, and carry objects, functions that are essential for activities of daily living. 	 BACKGROUND
Brain-machine interfaces could provide a solution to restoring many of these lost functions. 	 BACKGROUND
We therefore tested whether an individual with tetraplegia could rapidly achieve neurological control of a high-performance prosthetic limb using this type of an interface. 	 BACKGROUND
We implanted two 96-channel intracortical microelectrodes in the motor cortex of a 52-year-old individual with tetraplegia. 	 METHODS
Brain-machine-interface training was done for 13 weeks with the goal of controlling an anthropomorphic prosthetic limb with seven degrees of freedom (three-dimensional translation, three-dimensional orientation, one-dimensional grasping). 	 METHODS
The participant's ability to control the prosthetic limb was assessed with clinical measures of upper limb function. 	 METHODS
This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01364480. 	 METHODS
The participant was able to move the prosthetic limb freely in the three-dimensional workspace on the second day of training. 	 FINDINGS
After 13 weeks, robust seven-dimensional movements were performed routinely. 	 FINDINGS
Mean success rate on target-based reaching tasks was 91·6% (SD 4·4) versus median chance level 6·2% (95% CI 2·0-15·3). 	 FINDINGS
Improvements were seen in completion time (decreased from a mean of 148 s [SD 60] to 112 s [6]) and path efficiency (increased from 0·30 [0·04] to 0·38 [0·02]). 	 FINDINGS
The participant was also able to use the prosthetic limb to do skilful and coordinated reach and grasp movements that resulted in clinically significant gains in tests of upper limb function. 	 FINDINGS
No adverse events were reported. 	 FINDINGS
With continued development of neuroprosthetic limbs, individuals with long-term paralysis could recover the natural and intuitive command signals for hand placement, orientation, and reaching, allowing them to perform activities of daily living. 	 INTERPRETATION
Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, National Institutes of Health, Department of Veterans Affairs, and UPMC Rehabilitation Institute. 	 FUNDING
Ulcerative colitis (UC) is a chronic inflammatory bowel disease in which the colonic mucosa is infiltrated with plasma cells producing IgG autoantibodies. 	 BACKGROUND
It is not known whether this represents a local mucosal response which has switched to IgG or a peripheral response which may have been initiated by peripheral antigen which homed to the colonic mucosa. 	 BACKGROUND
The clonal distribution of IgG secreting cells and isotype switched variants in UC is not known. 	 BACKGROUND
To investigate the clonal distribution of mucosal IgG in UC and to search for related IgG and IgA secreting cells in normal and diseased mucosa and blood in UC. 	 AIMS
To investigate characteristics which may discriminate between the mucosal and peripheral repertoire in the normal mucosa and in UC. 	 AIMS
Blood and normal and diseased mucosa from two patients with UC were studied. 	 PATIENTS
Immunoglobulin gene analysis and clone specific polymerase chain reaction were used to study the clonal distribution and characteristics of IgG and related IgA in the mucosa and blood of patients with UC. 	 METHODS
The IgG response in the mucosa of UC patients included widespread clones of cells that were present in both the diseased mucosa and blood but that were scarce in normal mucosa. 	 RESULTS
Clonally related IgA class switch variants, all IgA1, were detected but also only in the diseased mucosa and blood. 	 RESULTS
This suggests that these clones home preferentially to the diseased mucosa. 	 RESULTS
We showed that J(H)1 usage was characteristic of the peripheral repertoire, and that examples of J(H)1 usage were observed in mucosal IgG in UC. 	 RESULTS
Overall, these data are consistent with a model of UC in which a peripheral response is expressed and expanded in the colonic mucosa. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Kulldorff's spatial scan statistic and its software implementation - SaTScan - are widely used for detecting and evaluating geographic clusters. 	 BACKGROUND
However, two issues make using the method and interpreting its results non-trivial: (1) the method lacks cartographic support for understanding the clusters in geographic context and (2) results from the method are sensitive to parameter choices related to cluster scaling (abbreviated as scaling parameters), but the system provides no direct support for making these choices. 	 BACKGROUND
We employ both established and novel geovisual analytics methods to address these issues and to enhance the interpretation of SaTScan results. 	 BACKGROUND
We demonstrate our geovisual analytics approach in a case study analysis of cervical cancer mortality in the U.S.   RESULTS We address the first issue by providing an interactive visual interface to support the interpretation of SaTScan results. 	 BACKGROUND
Our research to address the second issue prompted a broader discussion about the sensitivity of SaTScan results to parameter choices. 	 BACKGROUND
Sensitivity has two components: (1) the method can identify clusters that, while being statistically significant, have heterogeneous contents comprised of both high-risk and low-risk locations and (2) the method can identify clusters that are unstable in location and size as the spatial scan scaling parameter is varied. 	 BACKGROUND
To investigate cluster result stability, we conducted multiple SaTScan runs with systematically selected parameters. 	 BACKGROUND
The results, when scanning a large spatial dataset (e.g., U.S. data aggregated by county), demonstrate that no single spatial scan scaling value is known to be optimal to identify clusters that exist at different scales; instead, multiple scans that vary the parameters are necessary. 	 BACKGROUND
We introduce a novel method of measuring and visualizing reliability that facilitates identification of homogeneous clusters that are stable across analysis scales. 	 BACKGROUND
Finally, we propose a logical approach to proceed through the analysis of SaTScan results. 	 BACKGROUND
The geovisual analytics approach described in this manuscript facilitates the interpretation of spatial cluster detection methods by providing cartographic representation of SaTScan results and by providing visualization methods and tools that support selection of SaTScan parameters. 	 CONCLUSION
Our methods distinguish between heterogeneous and homogeneous clusters and assess the stability of clusters across analytic scales. 	 CONCLUSION
We analyzed the cervical cancer mortality data for the United States aggregated by county between 2000 and 2004. 	 METHOD
We ran SaTScan on the dataset fifty times with different parameter choices. 	 METHOD
Our geovisual analytics approach couples SaTScan with our visual analytic platform, allowing users to interactively explore and compare SaTScan results produced by different parameter choices. 	 METHOD
The Standardized Mortality Ratio and reliability scores are visualized for all the counties to identify stable, homogeneous clusters. 	 METHOD
We evaluated our analysis result by comparing it to that produced by other independent techniques including the Empirical Bayes Smoothing and Kafadar spatial smoother methods. 	 METHOD
The geovisual analytics approach introduced here is developed and implemented in our Java-based Visual Inquiry Toolkit. 	 METHOD
Early childhood introduction of nutritional habits aimed at atherosclerosis prevention is compatible with normal growth, but its effect on neurological development is unknown. 	 CONTEXT
To analyze how parental counseling aimed at keeping children's diets low in saturated fat and cholesterol influences neurodevelopment during the first 5 years of life. 	 OBJECTIVE
Randomized controlled trial conducted between February 1990 and November 1996. 	 DESIGN
Outpatient clinic of a university department in Turku, Finland. 	 SETTING
A total of 1062 seven-month-old infants and their parents, recruited at well-baby clinics between 1990 and 1992. 	 PARTICIPANTS
At age 5 years, 496 children still living in the city of Turku were available to participate in neurodevelopmental testing. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Participants were randomly assigned to receive individualized counseling aimed at limiting the child's fat intake to 30% to 35% of daily energy, with a saturated:monounsaturated:polyunsaturated fatty acid ratio of 1:1:1 and a cholesterol intake of less than 200 mg/d (n = 540) or usual health education (control group, n = 522). 	 INTERVENTION
Nutrient intake, serum lipid concentrations, and neurological development at 5 years, among children in the intervention vs control groups. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Absolute and relative intakes of fat, saturated fatty acids, and cholesterol among children in the intervention group were markedly less than the respective values of control children. 	 RESULTS
Mean (SD) percentages of daily energy at age 5 years for the intervention vs control groups were as follows: for total fat, 30.6% (4.5%) vs 33.4% (4.4%) (P<. 001); and for saturated fat, 11.7% (2.3%) vs 14.5% (2.4%) (P<.001). 	 RESULTS
Mean intakes of cholesterol were 164.2 mg (60.1 mg) and 192.5 mg (71. 9 mg) (P<.001) for the intervention and control groups, respectively. 	 RESULTS
Serum cholesterol concentrations were continuously 3% to 5% lower in children in the intervention group than in children in the control group. 	 RESULTS
At age 5 years, mean (SD) serum cholesterol concentration of the intervention group was 4.27 (0.63) mmol/L (165 [24] mg/dL) and of the control group, 4.41 (0.74) mmol/L (170 [29] mg/dL) (P =.04). 	 RESULTS
Neurological development of children in the intervention group was at least as good as that of children in the control group. 	 RESULTS
Relative risks for children in the intervention group to fail tests of speech and language skills, gross motor functioning plus perception, and visual motor skills were 0.95 (90% confidence interval [CI], 0.60-1.49), 0.95 (90% CI, 0.58-1.55), and 0.65 (90% CI, 0.39-1.08), respectively (P =.85,.86, and.16, respectively, vs control children). 	 RESULTS
Our data indicate that repeated child-targeted dietary counseling of parents during the first 5 years of a child's life lessens age-associated increases in children's serum cholesterol and is compatible with normal neurological development. 	 CONCLUSION
JAMA. 	 CONCLUSION
2000;284:993-1000 	 CONCLUSION
The purpose of this study was to test the hypothesis that vasodilator responses of porcine coronary resistance arteries are increased by exercise training. 	 BACKGROUND
Yucatan miniature swine were randomly divided into groups of exercise-trained (ET) and sedentary (SED) control pigs. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
ET pigs were placed on a progressive treadmill training program lasting 16 to 20 weeks, and SED pigs remained inactive during the same time period. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Coronary resistance arteries 64 to 157 microns in diameter were isolated for in vitro evaluation of relaxation responses to the endothelium-independent dilators sodium nitroprusside (1 x 10(-10) to 1 x 10(-4) mol/L) and adenosine (1 x 10(-10) to 1 x 10(-5) mol/L) and to bradykinin (1 x 10(-13) to 3 x 10(-7) mol/L), an endothelium-dependent agent. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Relaxation responses to adenosine and sodium nitroprusside were not altered by exercise training. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Endothelium-dependent relaxation to bradykinin was enhanced in coronary resistance arteries from ET pigs (IC50: ET, 0.07 +/- 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
0.02 nmol/L; SED, 1.59 +/- 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
0.09 nmol/L). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
To determine whether prostanoids and/or the nitric oxide synthase pathway were involved in the ET-induced changes in bradykinin-induced vasodilation, responses to bradykinin were examined in coronary resistance arteries from both ET and SED pigs in the presence of indomethacin and in the presence of nitro-monomethyl L-arginine (L-NMMA). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Both indomethacin and L-NMMA produced significant inhibition of the bradykinin-induced relaxation in vessels from both groups. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Despite decreased bradykinin-induced relaxation after indomethacin, bradykinin-induced vasodilation was still enhanced in vessels from the ET group. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
L-NMMA caused greater inhibition of the bradykinin-induced relaxation in coronary resistance arteries from ET pigs relative to arteries from SED pigs and eliminated the training-induced enhancement of the bradykinin responses. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
These results suggest that exercise training enhances bradykinin-induced vasodilation through increased endothelium-derived relaxing factor/nitric oxide production by the L-arginine/nitric oxide synthase pathway. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Gleason score (GS), T stage, and pathologic lymph node status have been described as major independent predictors of death due to prostate cancer in men treated with external beam radiotherapy (XRT). 	 PURPOSE
In this analysis we combine these three factors to define prognostic subgroups that correlate with disease-specific survival (DSS) death from prostate cancer. 	 PURPOSE
Men entered on one of four Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) Phase III randomized trials between 1975 and 1992, for clinically localized prostate cancer (CAP) (n = 1557), were selected for this analysis. 	 METHODS AND MATERIALS
Patients were included if: 1) they were evaluable, and eligible for the trial; 2) they received no hormonal therapy with their initial treatment; and 3) follow-up was available. 	 METHODS AND MATERIALS
For this study a DSS event was declared if: 1) death was certified as due to CAP; 2) death was due to complications of treatment; or 3) death was from unknown causes with active malignancy. 	 METHODS AND MATERIALS
The median follow-up for patients treated on early and late RTOG studies exceeded 11 and 6 years respectively. 	 METHODS AND MATERIALS
Subgroups were identified based on their pretreatment GS, T-stage, and lymph node such that patients with similar risk of dying from prostate cancer were combined. 	 METHODS AND MATERIALS
By combining patients with similar DSS, four subgroups were identified. 	 RESULTS
Risk Group 1 patients had a GS = 2-6, and T1-2Nx; Group 2: GS = 2-6, T3Nx; or GS = 2-6, N+, or GS = 7, T1-2Nx; Group 3: T3Nx, GS = 7; or N+, GS = 7, or T1-2Nx, GS = 8-10; and Group 4 patients were T3Nx, GS = 8-10, or N+, GS = 8-10. 	 RESULTS
The 5-, 10-, and 15-year DSS was 96%, 86%, and 72%; 94%, 75%, and 61%; 83%, 62%, and 39%; and 64%, 34%, and 27% for Groups 1 through 4, respectively. 	 RESULTS
Recognition of these four risk groups provides a basis for estimating the long-term DSS for men treated with XRT alone and should facilitate the design of future prospective randomized trials. 	 CONCLUSIONS
AIMSOur previous studies implied the relation between lipid metabolism and amyloid beta protein (Aβ) as ‘a missing link in Alzheimer’s puzzle’ [FASEB J., vol. 	 SPECIFIC
12, p. 1097 (1998)]. 	 SPECIFIC
In the present study, we evaluated the role of cholesterol in synaptic plasticity and neuronal degeneration by a combination of adult rat hippocampal slice technology, a well-established procedure for limited cholesterol efflux, lipid metabolic labeling, extracellular recording of CA1 field excitatory postsynaptic potentials (fEPSPs), and immunofluorescence. 	 SPECIFIC
FINDINGS1. 	 PRINCIPAL
Increased cholesterol efflux impairs short- and long-term synaptic plasticitySynaptic plasticity is a fundamental feature of the central nervous system (CNS) that allows synapses to ‘remember’ previous activity and express plastic changes to fine-tune current synaptic action. 	 PRINCIPAL
In this study, we asked whether an increased cholesterol efflux induced ex vivo by normal human CSF-HDL3 and methyl-β-cyclodextrin (MβCD) (a natural and model cholesterol ac... 	 PRINCIPAL
Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a disease of the central nervous system with marked heterogeneity in several aspects including pathological processes. 	 OBJECTIVE
Based on infiltrating immune cells, deposition of humoral factors and loss of oligodendrocytes and/or myelin proteins, four lesion patterns have been described. 	 OBJECTIVE
Pattern II is characterized by antibody and complement deposition in addition to T-cell infiltration. 	 OBJECTIVE
MS is considered a T-cell-mediated disease, but until now the study of pathogenic T cells has encountered major challenges, most importantly the limited access of brain-infiltrating T cells. 	 OBJECTIVE
Our objective was to identify, isolate, and characterize brain-infiltrating clonally expanded T cells in pattern II MS lesions. 	 OBJECTIVE
We used next-generation sequencing to identify clonally expanded T cells in demyelinating pattern II brain autopsy lesions, subsequently isolated these as T-cell clones from autologous cerebrospinal fluid and functionally characterized them. 	 METHODS
We identified clonally expanded CD8(+) but also CD4(+) T cells in demyelinating pattern II lesions and for the first time were able to isolate these as live T-cell clones. 	 RESULTS
The functional characterization shows that T cells releasing Th2 cytokines and able to provide B cell help dominate the T-cell infiltrate in pattern II brain lesions. 	 RESULTS
Our data provide the first functional evidence for a putative role of Th2/Tc2 cells in pattern II MS supporting the existence of this pathogenic phenotype and questioning the protective role that is generally ascribed to Th2 cells. 	 INTERPRETATION
Our observations are important to consider for future treatments of pattern II MS patients. 	 INTERPRETATION
A primary cause of high maternal mortality in Bangladesh is lack of access to professional delivery care. 	 BACKGROUND
Examining the role of the family, particularly the husband, during pregnancy and childbirth is important to understanding women's access to and utilization of professional maternal health services that can prevent maternal mortality. 	 BACKGROUND
This qualitative study examines husbands' involvement during childbirth and professional delivery care utilization in a rural sub-district of Netrokona district, Bangladesh. 	 BACKGROUND
Using purposive sampling, ten households utilizing a skilled attendant during the birth of the youngest child were selected and matched with ten households utilizing an untrained traditional birth attendant, or dhatri. 	 METHODS
Households were selected based on a set of inclusion criteria, such as approximate household income, ethnicity, and distance to the nearest hospital. 	 METHODS
Twenty semi-structured interviews were conducted in Bangla with husbands in these households in June 2010. 	 METHODS
Interviews were transcribed, translated into English, and analyzed using NVivo 9.0. 	 METHODS
By purposefully selecting households that differed on the type of provider utilized during delivery, common themes--high costs, poor transportation, and long distances to health facilities--were eliminated as sufficient barriers to the utilization of professional delivery care. 	 RESULTS
Divergent themes, namely husbands' social support and perceived social norms, were identified as underlying factors associated with delivery care utilization. 	 RESULTS
We found that husbands whose wives utilized professional delivery care provided emotional, instrumental and informational support to their wives during delivery and believed that medical intervention was necessary. 	 RESULTS
By contrast, husbands whose wives utilized an untrained dhatri at home were uninvolved during delivery and believed childbirth should take place at home according to local traditions. 	 RESULTS
This study provides novel evidence about male involvement during childbirth in rural Bangladesh. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These findings have important implications for program planners, who should pursue culturally sensitive ways to involve husbands in maternal health interventions and assess the effectiveness of education strategies targeted at husbands. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The mechanisms that drive progression from fatty liver to steatohepatitis and cirrhosis are unknown. 	 CONTEXT
In animal models, obese mice with fatty livers are vulnerable to liver adenosine triphosphate (ATP) depletion and necrosis, suggesting that altered hepatic energy homeostasis may be involved. 	 CONTEXT
To determine if patients with fatty liver disease exhibit impaired recovery from hepatic ATP depletion. 	 OBJECTIVE
Laboratory analysis of liver ATP stores monitored by nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy before and after transient hepatic ATP depletion was induced by fructose injection. 	 DESIGN
The study was conducted between July 15 and August 30, 1998. 	 DESIGN
University hospital. 	 SETTING
Eight consecutive adults with biopsy-proven nonalcoholic steatohepatitis and 7 healthy age- and sex-matched controls. 	 PATIENTS
Level of ATP 1 hour after fructose infusion in patients vs controls. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
In patients, serum aminotransferase levels were increased (P = .02 vs controls); albumin and bilirubin values were normal and clinical evidence of portal hypertension was absent in both groups. 	 RESULTS
However, 2 patients had moderate fibrosis and 1 had cirrhosis on liver biopsy. 	 RESULTS
Mean serum glucose, cholesterol, and triglyceride levels were similar between groups but patients weighed significantly more than controls (P = .02). 	 RESULTS
Liver ATP levels were similar in the 2 groups before fructose infusion and decreased similarly in both after fructose infusion (P = .01 vs initial ATP levels). 	 RESULTS
However, controls replenished their hepatic ATP stores during the 1-hour follow-up period (P<.02 vs minimum ATP) but patients did not. 	 RESULTS
Hence, patients' hepatic ATP levels were lower than those of controls at the end of the study (P = .04). 	 RESULTS
Body mass index (BMI) correlated inversely with ATP recovery, even in controls (R = -0.768; P = .07). 	 RESULTS
Although BMI was greater in patients than controls (P = .02) and correlated strongly with fatty liver and serum aminotransferase elevations, neither of the latter 2 parameters nor the histologic severity of fibrosis strongly predicted hepatic ATP recovery. 	 RESULTS
These data suggest that recovery from hepatic ATP depletion becomes progressively less efficient as body mass increases in healthy controls and is severely impaired in patients with obesity-related nonalcoholic steatohepatitis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Frail and dependent older people in resource-poor settings are poorly served by health systems that lack outreach capacity. 	 BACKGROUND
The COPE (Caring for Older PEople) multidimensional assessment tool is designed to help community health workers (CHWs) identify clinically significant impairments and deliver evidence-based interventions   METHODS Older people (n = 150) identified by CHWs as frail or dependent, were assessed at home by the CHW using the structured COPE assessment tool, generating information on impairments in nutrition, mobility, vision, hearing, continence, cognition, mood and behaviour. 	 BACKGROUND
The older people were reassessed by local physicians who reached a clinical judgment regarding the presence or absence of the same impairments based upon clinical examination guided by the EASY-Care assessment tool. 	 BACKGROUND
The COPE tool was considered easy to administer, and gave CHWs a sense of empowerment to understand and act upon the needs of older people. 	 RESULTS
Agreement between COPE assessment by CHW and clinician assessors was modest (ranged from 45.8 to 91.3 %) for most impairments. 	 RESULTS
However, the prevalence of impairments was generally higher according to clinicians, particularly for visual impairment (98.7 vs 45.8 %), cognitive impairment (78.4 vs. 38.2 %) and depression (82.0 vs. 59.9 %). 	 RESULTS
Most cases identified by WHO-COPE were clinician confirmed (positive predictive values - 72.2 to 98.5 %), and levels of disability and needs for care among those identified by COPE were higher than those additionally identified by the clinician alone. 	 RESULTS
The COPE is a feasible tool for the identification of specific impairments in frail dependent older people in the community. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Those identified are likely to be confirmed as having clinically relevant problems by clinicians working in the same service, and the COPE may be particularly effective at targeting attention upon those with the most substantial unmet needs. 	 CONCLUSIONS
More than 1.5 million US adults use stimulants and other medications labeled for treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). 	 CONTEXT
These agents can increase heart rate and blood pressure, raising concerns about their cardiovascular safety. 	 CONTEXT
To examine whether current use of medications prescribed primarily to treat ADHD is associated with increased risk of serious cardiovascular events in young and middle-aged adults. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Retrospective, population-based cohort study using electronic health care records from 4 study sites (OptumInsight Epidemiology, Tennessee Medicaid, Kaiser Permanente California, and the HMO Research Network), starting in 1986 at 1 site and ending in 2005 at all sites, with additional covariate assessment using 2007 survey data. 	 OBJECTIVE
Participants were adults aged 25 through 64 years with dispensed prescriptions for methylphenidate, amphetamine, or atomoxetine at baseline. 	 OBJECTIVE
Each medication user (n = 150,359) was matched to 2 nonusers on study site, birth year, sex, and calendar year (443,198 total users and nonusers). 	 OBJECTIVE
Serious cardiovascular events, including myocardial infarction (MI), sudden cardiac death (SCD), or stroke, with comparison between current or new users and remote users to account for potential healthy-user bias. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
During 806,182 person-years of follow-up (median, 1.3 years per person), 1357 cases of MI, 296 cases of SCD, and 575 cases of stroke occurred. 	 RESULTS
There were 107,322 person-years of current use (median, 0.33 years), with a crude incidence per 1000 person-years of 1.34 (95% CI, 1.14-1.57) for MI, 0.30 (95% CI, 0.20-0.42) for SCD, and 0.56 (95% CI, 0.43-0.72) for stroke. 	 RESULTS
The multivariable-adjusted rate ratio (RR) of serious cardiovascular events for current use vs nonuse of ADHD medications was 0.83 (95% CI, 0.72-0.96). 	 RESULTS
Among new users of ADHD medications, the adjusted RR was 0.77 (95% CI, 0.63-0.94). 	 RESULTS
The adjusted RR for current use vs remote use was 1.03 (95% CI, 0.86-1.24); for new use vs remote use, the adjusted RR was 1.02 (95% CI, 0.82-1.28); the upper limit of 1.28 corresponds to an additional 0.19 events per 1000 person-years at ages 25-44 years and 0.77 events per 1000 person-years at ages 45-64 years. 	 RESULTS
Among young and middle-aged adults, current or new use of ADHD medications, compared with nonuse or remote use, was not associated with an increased risk of serious cardiovascular events. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Apparent protective associations likely represent healthy-user bias. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To compare the clinical results and the cost-effectiveness of using the aromatase inhibitor, letrozole, in conjunction with FSH and FSH alone for controlled ovarian stimulation (COS) in patients undergoing intrauterine insemination (IUI) for a variety of indications. 	 BACKGROUND
Four hundred and thirty-two consecutive patients who underwent 872 IUI cycles were included. 	 METHODS
The study population was composed of two groups. 	 METHODS
Group I included 308 patients who underwent 589 IUI cycles with letrozole and FSH for the following indications: anovulation (143 cycles), male factor infertility (147 cycles), unexplained infertility (250 cycles), endometriosis (18 cycles) and combined indications (31 cycles). 	 METHODS
Group II included 124 patients who underwent 283 IUI cycles who received FSH only for the following indications: ovarian factor infertility (82 cycles), male factor infertility (66 cycles), unexplained infertility (114 cycles), endometriosis (13 cycles) and other indications (8 cycles). 	 METHODS
Main outcome measures included number of mature follicles >16 mm in diameter, dose of FSH used per cycle, clinical pregnancy rate and cost-effectiveness ratio per pregnancy. 	 METHODS
dose required for ovarian stimulation was significantly lower when letrozole was used (P < 0.0001). 	 RESULTS FSH
Although a significantly higher number of follicles >16 mm and endometrial thickness at the day of hCG administration (P < 0.0001) were observed in Group II, pregnancy rate per started (14.4 versus 15.9%) and per completed cycles (15.77 versus 18.07%) was the same in Group I and Group II, respectively. 	 RESULTS FSH
cancellation rate was significantly lower with letrozole treatment (P = 0.05%). 	 IUI
The cost per cycle was significantly lower in Group I versus Group II (468.93 Can dollars +/- 	 IUI
418.18 versus 1067.28 +/- 	 IUI
921.43; P < 0.0001). 	 IUI
The cost-effectiveness ratio was 3249.42 dollars in the letrozole group and 6712.00 dollars in the FSH-only group. 	 IUI
A letrozole-FSH combination could be an effective ovarian stimulation protocol in IUI cycles. 	 CONCLUSION
Such a protocol may be more cost-effective than FSH alone because of the difference of FSH dose and cost. 	 CONCLUSION
A randomized controlled trial is needed to further substantiate this finding. 	 CONCLUSION
Accurate alignment of high-throughput RNA-seq data is a challenging and yet unsolved problem because of the non-contiguous transcript structure, relatively short read lengths and constantly increasing throughput of the sequencing technologies. 	 MOTIVATION
Currently available RNA-seq aligners suffer from high mapping error rates, low mapping speed, read length limitation and mapping biases. 	 MOTIVATION
To align our large (>80 billon reads) ENCODE Transcriptome RNA-seq dataset, we developed the Spliced Transcripts Alignment to a Reference (STAR) software based on a previously undescribed RNA-seq alignment algorithm that uses sequential maximum mappable seed search in uncompressed suffix arrays followed by seed clustering and stitching procedure. 	 RESULTS
outperforms other aligners by a factor of >50 in mapping speed, aligning to the human genome 550 million 2 × 76 bp paired-end reads per hour on a modest 12-core server, while at the same time improving alignment sensitivity and precision. 	 STAR
In addition to unbiased de novo detection of canonical junctions, STAR can discover non-canonical splices and chimeric (fusion) transcripts, and is also capable of mapping full-length RNA sequences. 	 STAR
Using Roche 454 sequencing of reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction amplicons, we experimentally validated 1960 novel intergenic splice junctions with an 80-90% success rate, corroborating the high precision of the STAR mapping strategy. 	 STAR
is implemented as a standalone C++ code. 	 AVAILABILITY AND IMPLEMENTATION STAR
is free open source software distributed under GPLv3 license and can be downloaded from http://code.google.com/p/rna-star/. 	 STAR
Alendronate sodium reduces fracture risk in postmenopausal women who have vertebral fractures, but its effects on fracture risk have not been studied for women without vertebral fractures. 	 CONTEXT
To test the hypothesis that 4 years of alendronate would decrease the risk of clinical and vertebral fractures in women who have low bone mineral density (BMD) but no vertebral fractures. 	 OBJECTIVE
Randomized, blinded, placebo-controlled trial. 	 DESIGN
Eleven community-based clinical research centers. 	 SETTING
Women aged 54 to 81 years with a femoral neck BMD of 0.68 g/cm2 or less (Hologic Inc, Waltham, Mass) but no vertebral fracture; 4432 were randomized to alendronate or placebo and 4272 (96%) completed outcome measurements at the final visit (an average of 4.2 years later). 	 SUBJECTS
All participants reporting calcium intakes of 1000 mg/d or less received a supplement containing 500 mg of calcium and 250 IU of cholecalciferol. 	 INTERVENTION
Subjects were randomly assigned to either placebo or 5 mg/d of alendronate sodium for 2 years followed by 10 mg/d for the remainder of the trial. 	 INTERVENTION
Clinical fractures confirmed by x-ray reports, new vertebral deformities detected by morphometric measurements on radiographs, and BMD measured by dual x-ray absorptiometry. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Alendronate increased BMD at all sites studied (P<.001) and reduced clinical fractures from 312 in the placebo group to 272 in the intervention group, but not significantly so (14% reduction; relative hazard [RH], 0.86; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.73-1.01). 	 RESULTS
Alendronate reduced clinical fractures by 36% in women with baseline osteoporosis at the femoral neck (>2.5 SDs below the normal young adult mean; RH, 0.64; 95% CI, 0.50-0.82; treatment-control difference, 6.5%; number needed to treat [NNT], 15), but there was no significant reduction among those with higher BMD (RH, 1.08; 95% CI, 0.87-1.35). 	 RESULTS
Alendronate decreased the risk of radiographic vertebral fractures by 44% overall (relative risk, 0.56; 95% CI, 0.39-0.80; treatment-control difference, 1.7%; NNT, 60). 	 RESULTS
Alendronate did not increase the risk of gastrointestinal or other adverse effects. 	 RESULTS
In women with low BMD but without vertebral fractures, 4 years of alendronate safely increased BMD and decreased the risk of first vertebral deformity. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Alendronate significantly reduced the risk of clinical fractures among women with osteoporosis but not among women with higher BMD. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Since 2004, several reported transfusion transmissions of variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (vCJD) in the United Kingdom have reawakened concerns about the possible risk of similar transmissions of nonvariant or classic forms of CJD. 	 BACKGROUND
Patients with a CJD diagnosis and a history of donating blood were reported to the study coordinator. 	 STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS
Through review of blood distribution and hospital records, the recipients of blood components from these donors were identified. 	 STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS
We then determined each recipient's vital status and, if deceased, the cause(s) of death identified by matching the recipient's personal identifiers with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's National Death Index database. 	 STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS
We conducted such searches after recipients were enrolled in this study and annually thereafter for those who remained alive. 	 STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS
The study included a total of 36 blood donors who subsequently developed CJD and 436 recipients. 	 RESULTS
Through 2006, 91 of these recipients were still alive, 329 were deceased, and 16 were lost to follow-up. 	 RESULTS
After transfusion, these three groups had survived a total of 2096.0 person-years. 	 RESULTS
A total of 144 recipients survived 5 years or longer after transfusion and 68 of them had received blood donated 60 or fewer months before the onset of CJD in the donor. 	 RESULTS
We identified no recipient with CJD. 	 RESULTS
The current results of this large, ongoing lookback study show no evidence of transfusion transmission of CJD. 	 CONCLUSIONS
They reinforce the conclusion that the risk, if any, of transfusion transmission of prion disease by CJD donors is significantly lower than the comparable risk of such transmission by vCJD donors. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To evaluate the effects of dietary and lifestyle interventions in pregnancy on maternal and fetal weight and to quantify the effects of these interventions on obstetric outcomes. 	 OBJECTIVE
Systematic review and meta-analysis. 	 DESIGN
Major databases from inception to January 2012 without language restrictions. 	 DATA SOURCES
Randomised controlled trials that evaluated any dietary or lifestyle interventions with potential to influence maternal weight during pregnancy and outcomes of pregnancy. 	 STUDY SELECTION
Results summarised as relative risks for dichotomous data and mean differences for continuous data. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
We identified 44 relevant randomised controlled trials (7278 women) evaluating three categories of interventions: diet, physical activity, and a mixed approach. 	 RESULTS
Overall, there was 1.42 kg reduction (95% confidence interval 0.95 to 1.89 kg) in gestational weight gain with any intervention compared with control. 	 RESULTS
With all interventions combined, there were no significant differences in birth weight (mean difference -50 g, -100 to 0 g) and the incidence of large for gestational age (relative risk 0.85, 0.66 to 1.09) or small for gestational age (1.00, 0.78 to 1.28) babies between the groups, though by itself physical activity was associated with reduced birth weight (mean difference -60 g, -120 to -10 g). 	 RESULTS
Interventions were associated with a reduced the risk of pre-eclampsia (0.74, 0.60 to 0.92) and shoulder dystocia (0.39, 0.22 to 0.70), with no significant effect on other critically important outcomes. 	 RESULTS
Dietary intervention resulted in the largest reduction in maternal gestational weight gain (3.84 kg, 2.45 to 5.22 kg), with improved pregnancy outcomes compared with other interventions. 	 RESULTS
The overall evidence rating was low to very low for important outcomes such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and preterm delivery. 	 RESULTS
Dietary and lifestyle interventions in pregnancy can reduce maternal gestational weight gain and improve outcomes for both mother and baby. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Among the interventions, those based on diet are the most effective and are associated with reductions in maternal gestational weight gain and improved obstetric outcomes. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Non-celiac wheat sensitivity (NCWS) is defined as a reaction to ingested wheat after exclusion of celiac disease and wheat allergy. 	 OBJECTIVES
As its pathogenesis is incompletely understood, we evaluated the inflammatory response in the rectal mucosa of patients with well-defined NCWS. 	 OBJECTIVES
The prospective study included 22 patients with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS)-like clinical presentation, diagnosed with NCWS by double-blind placebo-controlled challenge. 	 METHODS
Eight IBS patients not improving on wheat-free diet were used as controls. 	 METHODS
Two weeks after oral challenge was performed with 80 grams of wheat daily, cells were isolated from rectal biopsies and thoroughly characterized by fluorescence-activated cell sorting analysis for intracellular cytokines and surface markers. 	 METHODS
Rectal biopsies from wheat-challenged NCWS patients showed that a significant mucosal CD45(+) infiltrate consisted of CD3(+) and CD3(-) lymphocytes, with the latter spontaneously producing more interferon (IFN)-γ than IBS controls. 	 RESULTS
About 30% of IFN-γ-producing CD45(+) cells were T-bet(+), CD56(-), NKP44(-), and CD117(-), defining them as a type-1 innate lymphoid cells (ILC1). 	 RESULTS
IFN-γ-producing ILC1 cells significantly decreased in 10 patients analyzed 2 weeks after they resumed a wheat-free diet. 	 RESULTS
These data indicate that, in patients with active NCWS, IFN-γ-producing ILC1 cells infiltrate rectal mucosa and support a role for this innate lymphoid cell population in the pathogenesis of NCWS. 	 CONCLUSIONS
OF REVIEW Owing to the high mortality, risk of neurodevelopmental impairment and end-organ involvement with fungal infections in the neonate, prevention of invasive Candida infections in extremely preterm infants should be a priority for each neonatal ICU. 	 PURPOSE
Even with prompt or empiric treatment, mortality and neurodevelopmental impairment is high (57%) in infants <1000 g. Multiple studies have been performed with fluconazole prophylaxis, including a recent multicenter randomized controlled trial. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
All of the studies have demonstrated efficacy and safety with no increase or emergence of fungal resistance. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
Analysis of these studies demonstrates that fluconazole prophylaxis decreased the incidence of invasive Candida infections in high-risk infants <1000 g by 91% (P = 0.0004) and all infants <1500 g by 85% (P < 0.0001). 	 RECENT FINDINGS
The mortality rate from all causes was 25% lower (P = 0.029). 	 RECENT FINDINGS
Furthermore, studies have demonstrated that all Candida-related mortality can be eliminated in an entire neonatal ICU by targeting fluconazole prophylaxis in infants <1000 g.   SUMMARY Targeting fluconazole prophylaxis to infants who are either <1000 g or < or =27 weeks is highly effective, safe and inexpensive, and can eliminate these infections as a cause of neurodevelopmental impairment and mortality. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
Angiopoietin-2 (ang-2), an angiogenic peptide released by endothelial cell Weibel-Palade bodies (WPBs), increases endothelial activation and vascular permeability. 	 INTRODUCTION
Ang-2 is raised in severe sepsis but the mechanisms underlying this are not known. 	 INTRODUCTION
Nitric oxide (NO) inhibits WPB exocytosis, and bioavailability of endothelial NO is decreased in sepsis. 	 INTRODUCTION
We hypothesized that endothelial NO bioavailability would be inversely correlated with ang-2 concentrations in sepsis. 	 INTRODUCTION
Plasma ang-2, vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and endothelial-active cytokines were assessed in 83 patients with early sepsis and 41 hospital controls, and related to reactive hyperaemia-peripheral arterial tonometry, RH-PAT, a measure of endothelial NO bioavailability. 	 METHODS
Plasma Ang-2 was elevated in sepsis (median [interquartile range (IQR)], ng/ml: severe sepsis 12.4 [8.5-33.4], sepsis without organ failure 6.1 [5.0-10.4], controls 2.7 [2.2-3.6], P < 0.0001). 	 RESULTS
It correlated inversely with RH-PAT (r = -0.38, P < 0.0001) and positively with IL-6 (r = 0.57, P < 0.0001) and degree of organ failure (sequential organ function assessment score) (r = 0.58, P < 0.0001). 	 RESULTS
The correlation of ang-2 with RH-PAT persisted after controlling for sepsis severity. 	 RESULTS
In a longitudinal mixed-effects model, recovery of RH-PAT over time was associated with decline in ang-2. 	 RESULTS
Ang-2 is elevated in proportion to sepsis severity, and inversely correlated with NO-dependent microvascular reactivity. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Impaired endothelial NO bioavailability may contribute to increased endothelial cell release of ang-2, endothelial activation and capillary leak. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Agents that increase endothelial NO bioavailability or inhibit WPB exocytosis and/or Ang-2 activity may have therapeutic potential in sepsis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
genes are a family of developmental genes that are expressed neither in the developing forebrain nor in the normal brain. 	 BACKGROUND HOX
Aberrant expression of a HOX-gene dominated stem-cell signature in glioblastoma has been linked with increased resistance to chemo-radiotherapy and sustained proliferation of glioma initiating cells. 	 BACKGROUND HOX
Here we describe the epigenetic and genetic alterations and their interactions associated with the expression of this signature in glioblastoma. 	 BACKGROUND HOX
We observe prominent hypermethylation of the HOXA locus 7p15.2 in glioblastoma in contrast to non-tumoral brain. 	 RESULTS
Hypermethylation is associated with a gain of chromosome 7, a hallmark of glioblastoma, and may compensate for tumor-driven enhanced gene dosage as a rescue mechanism by preventing undue gene expression. 	 RESULTS
We identify the CpG island of the HOXA10 alternative promoter that appears to escape hypermethylation in the HOX-high glioblastoma. 	 RESULTS
An additive effect of gene copy gain at 7p15.2 and DNA methylation at key regulatory CpGs in HOXA10 is significantly associated with HOX-signature expression. 	 RESULTS
Additionally, we show concordance between methylation status and presence of active or inactive chromatin marks in glioblastoma-derived spheres that are HOX-high or HOX-low, respectively. 	 RESULTS
Based on these findings, we propose co-evolution and interaction between gene copy gain, associated with a gain of chromosome 7, and additional epigenetic alterations as key mechanisms triggering a coordinated, but inappropriate, HOX transcriptional program in glioblastoma. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Combining pharmacotherapies for tobacco-dependence treatment may increase smoking abstinence. 	 IMPORTANCE
To determine efficacy and safety of varenicline and bupropion sustained-release (SR; combination therapy) compared with varenicline (monotherapy) in cigarette smokers. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Randomized, blinded, placebo-controlled multicenter clinical trial with a 12-week treatment period and follow-up through week 52 conducted between October 2009 and April 2013 at 3 midwestern clinical research sites. 	 OBJECTIVE
Five hundred six adult (≥18 years) cigarette smokers were randomly assigned and 315 (62%) completed the study. 	 OBJECTIVE
Twelve weeks of varenicline and bupropion SR or varenicline and placebo. 	 INTERVENTIONS
Primary outcome was abstinence rates at week 12, defined as prolonged (no smoking from 2 weeks after the target quit date) abstinence and 7-day point-prevalence (no smoking past 7 days) abstinence. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
Secondary outcomes were prolonged and point-prevalence smoking abstinence rates at weeks 26 and 52. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
Outcomes were biochemically confirmed. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
At 12 weeks, 53.0% of the combination therapy group achieved prolonged smoking abstinence and 56.2% achieved 7-day point-prevalence smoking abstinence compared with 43.2% and 48.6% in varenicline monotherapy (odds ratio [OR], 1.49; 95% CI, 1.05-2.12; P = .03 and OR, 1.36; 95% CI, 0.95-1.93; P = .09, respectively). 	 RESULTS
At 26 weeks, 36.6% of the combination therapy group achieved prolonged and 38.2% achieved 7-day point-prevalence smoking abstinence compared with 27.6% and 31.9% in varenicline monotherapy (OR, 1.52; 95% CI, 1.04-2.22; P = .03 and OR, 1.32; 95% CI, 0.91-1.91; P = .14, respectively). 	 RESULTS
At 52 weeks, 30.9% of the combination therapy group achieved prolonged and 36.6% achieved 7-day point-prevalence smoking abstinence compared with 24.5% and 29.2% in varenicline monotherapy (OR, 1.39; 95% CI, 0.93-2.07; P = .11 and OR, 1.40; 95% CI, 0.96-2.05; P = .08, respectively). 	 RESULTS
Participants receiving combination therapy reported more anxiety (7.2% vs 3.1%; P = .04) and depressive symptoms (3.6% vs 0.8%; P = .03). 	 RESULTS
Among cigarette smokers, combined use of varenicline and bupropion, compared with varenicline alone, increased prolonged abstinence but not 7-day point prevalence at 12 and 26 weeks. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
Neither outcome was significantly different at 52 weeks. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
Further research is required to determine the role of combination therapy in smoking cessation. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: http://clinicaltrials.gov/show/NCT00935818. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
Certification by an American Board of Medical Specialties (ABMS) member board is emerging as a measure of physician quality. 	 CONTEXT
To identify demographic and educational factors associated with ABMS member board certification of US medical school graduates. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Retrospective study of a national cohort of 1997-2000 US medical school graduates, grouped by specialty choice at graduation and followed up through March 2, 2009. 	 OBJECTIVE
In separate multivariable logistic regression models for each specialty category, factors associated with ABMS member board certification were identified. 	 OBJECTIVE
member board certification. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE ABMS
Of 42,440 graduates in the study sample, 37,054 (87.3%) were board certified. 	 RESULTS
Graduates in all specialty categories with first-attempt passing scores in the highest tertile (vs first-attempt failing scores) on US Medical Licensing Examination Step 2 Clinical Knowledge were more likely to be board certified; adjusted odds ratios (AORs) varied by specialty category, with the lowest odds for emergency medicine (87.4% vs 73.6%; AOR, 1.82; 95% CI, 1.03-3.20) and highest odds for radiology (98.1% vs 74.9%; AOR, 13.19; 95% CI, 5.55-31.32). 	 RESULTS
In each specialty category except family medicine, graduates self-identified as underrepresented racial/ethnic minorities (vs white) were less likely to be board certified, ranging from 83.5% vs 95.6% in the pediatrics category (AOR, 0.44; 95% CI, 0.33-0.58) to 71.5% vs 83.7% in the other nongeneralist specialties category (AOR, 0.79; 95% CI, 0.64-0.96). 	 RESULTS
With each $50,000 unit increase in debt (vs no debt), graduates choosing obstetrics/gynecology were less likely to be board certified (AOR, 0.89; 95% CI, 0.83-0.96), and graduates choosing family medicine were more likely to be board certified (AOR, 1.13; 95% CI, 1.01-1.26). 	 RESULTS
Demographic and educational factors were associated with board certification among US medical school graduates in every specialty category examined; findings varied among specialty categories. 	 CONCLUSION
Obesity is associated with diverse health risks, but the role of body weight as a risk factor for death remains controversial. 	 BACKGROUND
We examined the association between body weight and the risk of death in a 12-year prospective cohort study of 1,213,829 Koreans between the ages of 30 and 95 years. 	 METHODS
We examined 82,372 deaths from any cause and 48,731 deaths from specific diseases (including 29,123 from cancer, 16,426 from atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, and 3362 from respiratory disease) in relation to the body-mass index (BMI) (the weight in kilograms divided by the square of the height in meters). 	 METHODS
In both sexes, the average baseline BMI was 23.2, and the rate of death from any cause had a J-shaped association with the BMI, regardless of cigarette-smoking history. 	 RESULTS
The risk of death from any cause was lowest among patients with a BMI of 23.0 to 24.9. 	 RESULTS
In all groups, the risk of death from respiratory causes was higher among subjects with a lower BMI, and the risk of death from atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease or cancer was higher among subjects with a higher BMI. 	 RESULTS
The relative risk of death associated with BMI declined with increasing age. 	 RESULTS
Underweight, overweight, and obese men and women had higher rates of death than men and women of normal weight. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The association of BMI with death varied according to the cause of death and was modified by age, sex, and smoking history. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Lowering serum homocysteine levels with folic acid is expected to reduce mortality from ischemic heart disease. 	 BACKGROUND
Homocysteine reduction is known to be maximal at a folic acid dosage of 1 mg/d, but the effect of lower doses (relevant to food fortification) is unclear. 	 BACKGROUND
We randomized 151 patients with ischemic heart disease to 1 of 5 dosages of folic acid (0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8, and 1.0 mg/d) or placebo. 	 METHODS
Fasting blood samples for serum homocysteine and serum folate analysis were taken initially, after 3 months of supplementation, and 3 months after folic acid use was discontinued. 	 METHODS
Median serum homocysteine level decreased with increasing folic acid dosage, to a maximum at 0.8 mg of folic acid per day, when the homocysteine reduction (placebo adjusted) was 2.7 micromol/L (23%), similar to the known effect of folic acid dosages of 1 mg/d and above. 	 RESULTS
The higher a person's initial serum homocysteine level, the greater was the response to folic acid, but there were statistically significant reductions regardless of the initial level. 	 RESULTS
Serum folate level increased approximately linearly (5.5 nmol/L for every 0.1 mg of folic acid). 	 RESULTS
Within-person fluctuations over time in serum homocysteine levels, measured in the placebo group, were large compared with the effect of folic acid, indicating that monitoring of the reduction in an individual is impractical. 	 RESULTS
A dosage of folic acid of 0.8 mg/d appears necessary to achieve the maximum reduction in serum homocysteine level across the range of homocysteine levels in the population. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Current US food fortification levels will achieve only a small proportion of the achievable homocysteine reduction. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism are common after stroke. 	 BACKGROUND
In small trials of patients undergoing surgery, graduated compression stockings (GCS) reduce the risk of DVT. 	 BACKGROUND
National stroke guidelines extrapolating from these trials recommend their use in patients with stroke despite insufficient evidence. 	 BACKGROUND
We assessed the effectiveness of thigh-length GCS to reduce DVT after stroke. 	 BACKGROUND
In this outcome-blinded, randomised controlled trial, 2518 patients who were admitted to hospital within 1 week of an acute stroke and who were immobile were enrolled from 64 centres in the UK, Italy, and Australia. 	 METHODS
Patients were allocated via a central randomisation system to routine care plus thigh-length GCS (n=1256) or to routine care plus avoidance of GCS (n=1262). 	 METHODS
A technician who was blinded to treatment allocation undertook compression Doppler ultrasound of both legs at about 7-10 days and, when practical, again at 25-30 days after enrolment. 	 METHODS
The primary outcome was the occurrence of symptomatic or asymptomatic DVT in the popliteal or femoral veins. 	 METHODS
Analyses were by intention to treat. 	 METHODS
This study is registered, number ISRCTN28163533. 	 METHODS
All patients were included in the analyses. 	 FINDINGS
The primary outcome occurred in 126 (10.0%) patients allocated to thigh-length GCS and in 133 (10.5%) allocated to avoid GCS, resulting in a non-significant absolute reduction in risk of 0.5% (95% CI -1.9% to 2.9%). 	 FINDINGS
Skin breaks, ulcers, blisters, and skin necrosis were significantly more common in patients allocated to GCS than in those allocated to avoid their use (64 [5%] vs 16 [1%]; odds ratio 4.18, 95% CI 2.40-7.27). 	 FINDINGS
These data do not lend support to the use of thigh-length GCS in patients admitted to hospital with acute stroke. 	 INTERPRETATION
National guidelines for stroke might need to be revised on the basis of these results. 	 INTERPRETATION
Medical Research Council (UK), Chief Scientist Office of Scottish Government, Chest Heart and Stroke Scotland, Tyco Healthcare (Covidien) USA, and UK Stroke Research Network. 	 FUNDING
Streptococcus pneumoniae infection starts from colonization of the host respiratory tract where interaction with host respiratory tract epithelial cells occurs. 	 BACKGROUND
To investigate pneumococcal genes that are involved in the early stage of interaction with host epithelial cells, transcriptional responses of an encapsulated pathogenic pneumococcal strain TIGR4 upon exposure to human lung epithelial cells A549 for 0.5 h and 1 h time periods were investigated by using TIGR (JCVI) microarray technology. 	 BACKGROUND
Gene expression changes were validated by quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR) analysis. 	 BACKGROUND
We observed different transcriptional profiles at two incubation time periods in which most gene expressions were down-regulated at 0.5 h but up-regulated at 1 h. Many genes associated with ribonucleotide biosynthesis were down-regulated at both time points, whereas the genes associated with cell envelope, energy metabolism, transport and protein synthesis were mostly up-regulated at 1 h. Furthermore, these profiles were compared to the transcriptomes of a TIGR4-derived strain in response to human macrophages for the same time periods. 	 FINDINGS
We found one set of genes that exhibited similar expression changes upon exposure to both types of host cells, including cell envelope-associated bgaA (SP0648) and nanA (SP1693), and uncharacterized gene clusters such as SP1677-SP1680 and SP1688-SP1690. 	 FINDINGS
These data indicate that at the early stage of interaction with host epithelial cells, a complex gene regulation and expression change occur in bacteria. 	 CONCLUSION
Some of them might play an essential role during pathogen-host interactions and for the establishment of infection. 	 CONCLUSION
Age-specific effects of mammographic screening, and the timing of such effects, are a matter of debate. 	 BACKGROUND
The results of the UK Age trial, which compared the effect of invitation to annual mammographic screening from age 40 years with commencement of screening at age 50 years on breast cancer mortality, have been reported at 10 years of follow-up and showed no significant difference in mortality between the trial groups. 	 BACKGROUND
Here, we report the results of the UK Age trial after 17 years of follow-up. 	 BACKGROUND
Women aged 39-41 from 23 UK NHS Breast Screening Programme units years were randomly assigned by individual randomisation (1:2) to either an intervention group offered annual screening by mammography up to and including the calendar year of their 48th birthday or to a control group receiving usual medical care (invited for screening at age 50 years and every 3 years thereafter). 	 METHODS
Both groups were stratified by general practice. 	 METHODS
We compared breast cancer incidence and mortality by time since randomisation. 	 METHODS
Analyses included all women randomly assigned who could be traced with the National Health Service Central Register and who had not died or emigrated before entry. 	 METHODS
The primary outcome measures were mortality from breast cancer (defined as deaths with breast cancer coded as the underlying cause of death) and breast cancer incidence, including in-situ, invasive, and total incidence. 	 METHODS
Because there is an interest in the timing of the mortality effect, we analysed the results in different follow-up periods. 	 METHODS
This trial is registered, number ISRCTN24647151. 	 METHODS
Between Oct 14, 1990, and Sept 25, 1997, 160 921 participants were randomly assigned; 53 883 women in the intervention group and 106 953 assigned to usual medical care were included in this analysis. 	 FINDINGS
After a median follow-up of 17 years (IQR 16·8-18·8), the rate ratio (RR) for breast cancer mortality was 0·88 (95% CI 0·74-1·04) from tumours diagnosed during the intervention phase. 	 FINDINGS
A significant reduction in breast cancer mortality was noted in the intervention group compared with the control group in the first 10 years after diagnosis (RR 0·75, 0·58-0·97) but not thereafter (RR 1·02, 0·80-1·30) from tumours diagnosed during the intervention phase. 	 FINDINGS
The overall breast cancer incidence during 17 year follow-up was similar between the intervention group and the control group (RR 0·98, 0·93-1·04). 	 FINDINGS
Our results support an early reduction in mortality from breast cancer with annual mammography screening in women aged 40-49 years. 	 INTERPRETATION
Further data are needed to fully understand long-term effects. 	 INTERPRETATION
Cumulative incidence figures suggest at worst a small amount of overdiagnosis. 	 INTERPRETATION
National Institute for Health Research Health Technology Assessment programme and the American Cancer Society. 	 FUNDING
Past funding was received from the Medical Research Council, Cancer Research UK, the UK Department of Health, and the US National Cancer Institute. 	 FUNDING
We adopted the twin method to disentangle the genetic and environmental components of susceptibility to coeliac disease (CD). 	 BACKGROUND AND AIMS
We estimated disease concordance rate by zygosity and HLA genotypes, discordance times, progression rates to disease, and heritability. 	 BACKGROUND AND AIMS
We crosslinked the Italian Twin Registry with the membership lists of the Italian Coeliac Disease Association and recruited 23 monozygotic (MZ) and 50 dizygotic (DZ) twin pairs with at least one affected member. 	 METHODS
Zygosity was assigned by DNA fingerprinting, and HLA-DQ and DR alleles were genotyped. 	 METHODS
Disease status was ascertained by antiendomysial, anti-human tissue transglutaminase antibodies, and bowel biopsy. 	 METHODS
Concordance was significantly higher in MZ (83.3% probandwise, 71.4% pairwise) than in DZ (16.7% probandwise, 9.1% pairwise) pairs. 	 RESULTS
Concordance was not affected by sex or HLA genotype of the co-twin and being MZ was significantly associated with the occurrence of CD (Cox adjusted hazard ratio 14.3 (95% confidence interval 4.0-50.3)). 	 RESULTS
In 90% of concordant pairs the discordance time was <or=2 years. 	 RESULTS
MZ and DZ co-twins had 70% and 9% cumulative probability of having symptomatic or silent forms of CD, respectively, within five years. 	 RESULTS
Under ACE (additive genetic, common, and unshared environmental factors) models, with CD population prevalences of 1/91 and 1/1000, heritability estimates were 87% and 57%, respectively. 	 RESULTS
MZ pairs have a high probability of being concordant, regardless of sex or HLA genotype. 	 CONCLUSION
Most of the affected co-twins receive a diagnosis within two years. 	 CONCLUSION
A remarkable proportion of phenotypic variance is due to genetic factors. 	 CONCLUSION
Among nontraditional cardiovascular risk factors, recent influenzalike infection is associated with fatal and nonfatal atherothrombotic events. 	 IMPORTANCE
To determine if influenza vaccination is associated with prevention of cardiovascular events. 	 OBJECTIVES
A systematic review and meta-analysis of MEDLINE (1946-August 2013), EMBASE (1947-August 2013), and the Cochrane Library Central Register of Controlled Trials (inception-August 2013) for randomized clinical trials (RCTs) comparing influenza vaccine vs placebo or control in patients at high risk of cardiovascular disease, reporting cardiovascular outcomes either as efficacy or safety events. 	 DATA SOURCES AND STUDY SELECTION
Two investigators extracted data independently on trial design, baseline characteristics, outcomes, and safety events from published manuscripts and unpublished supplemental data. 	 DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS
High-quality studies were considered those that described an appropriate method of randomization, allocation concealment, blinding, and completeness of follow-up. 	 DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS
Random-effects Mantel-Haenszel risk ratios (RRs) and 95% CIs were derived for composite cardiovascular events, cardiovascular mortality, all-cause mortality, and individual cardiovascular events. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
Analyses were stratified by subgroups of patients with and without a history of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) within 1 year of randomization. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
Five published and 1 unpublished randomized clinical trials of 6735 patients (mean age, 67 years; 51.3% women; 36.2% with a cardiac history; mean follow-up time, 7.9 months) were included. 	 RESULTS
Influenza vaccine was associated with a lower risk of composite cardiovascular events (2.9% vs 4.7%; RR, 0.64 [95% CI, 0.48-0.86], P = .003) in published trials. 	 RESULTS
A treatment interaction was detected between patients with (RR, 0.45 [95% CI, 0.32-0.63]) and without (RR, 0.94 [95% CI, 0.55-1.61]) recent ACS (P for interaction = .02). 	 RESULTS
Results were similar with the addition of unpublished data. 	 RESULTS
In a meta-analysis of RCTs, the use of influenza vaccine was associated with a lower risk of major adverse cardiovascular events. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
The greatest treatment effect was seen among the highest-risk patients with more active coronary disease. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
A large, adequately powered, multicenter trial is warranted to address these findings and assess individual cardiovascular end points. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
To determine the prevalence and clinical associations of impaired awareness of hypoglycemia in a population-based sample of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes. 	 OBJECTIVE
A validated questionnaire was administered to 656 patients with type 1 diabetes over a 6-month period to determine hypoglycemia awareness status. 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
Case ascertainment was 79% of the clinic population. 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
The rate of severe hypoglycemia was determined by data collected prospectively in the preceding year. 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
Impaired awareness of hypoglycemia was present in 29% of patients. 	 RESULTS
Patients with impaired awareness of hypoglycemia had an earlier onset of diabetes (P < 0.001), were younger (P < 0.001), and had lower mean levels of A1C since diabetes onset (P = 0.006) and at their last visit (P = 0.001). 	 RESULTS
The overall rate of severe hypoglycemia was 24.5 episodes per 100 patient-years in the preceding year. 	 RESULTS
The severe hypoglycemia rate was higher in those with impaired awareness of hypoglycemia (37.1 vs. 19.3 episodes per 100 patient-years, P < 0.001). 	 RESULTS
Among patients aged <6 years (n = 46), 59% of care providers reported impaired awareness of hypoglycemia, and the rate of severe hypoglycemia was significantly higher in those reporting impaired awareness (33.3 vs. 52 episodes per 100 patient-years, P = 0.02). 	 RESULTS
More patients with recurrent hypoglycemia reported impaired awareness of hypoglycemia (47 vs. 28%, P = 0.03). 	 RESULTS
A significant proportion of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes have impaired awareness of hypoglycemia. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Screening for impaired awareness is an important component of routine diabetes care and can identify patients at increased risk of a severe hypoglycemic event. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Circadian clocks control cell cycle factors, and circadian disruption promotes cancer. 	 BACKGROUND
To address whether enhancing circadian rhythmicity in tumor cells affects cell cycle progression and reduces proliferation, we compared growth and cell cycle events of B16 melanoma cells and tumors with either a functional or dysfunctional clock. 	 BACKGROUND
We found that clock genes were suppressed in B16 cells and tumors, but treatments inducing circadian rhythmicity, such as dexamethasone, forskolin and heat shock, triggered rhythmic clock and cell cycle gene expression, which resulted in fewer cells in S phase and more in G1 phase. 	 RESULTS
Accordingly, B16 proliferation in vitro and tumor growth in vivo was slowed down. 	 RESULTS
Similar effects were observed in human colon carcinoma HCT-116 cells. 	 RESULTS
Notably, the effects of dexamethasone were not due to an increase in apoptosis nor to an enhancement of immune cell recruitment to the tumor. 	 RESULTS
Knocking down the essential clock gene Bmal1 in B16 tumors prevented the effects of dexamethasone on tumor growth and cell cycle events. 	 RESULTS
Here we demonstrated that the effects of dexamethasone on cell cycle and tumor growth are mediated by the tumor-intrinsic circadian clock. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Thus, our work reveals that enhancing circadian clock function might represent a novel strategy to control cancer progression. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Many individuals take vitamins in the hopes of preventing chronic diseases such as cancer, and vitamins E and C are among the most common individual supplements. 	 CONTEXT
A large-scale randomized trial suggested that vitamin E may reduce risk of prostate cancer; however, few trials have been powered to address this relationship. 	 CONTEXT
No previous trial in men at usual risk has examined vitamin C alone in the prevention of cancer. 	 CONTEXT
To evaluate whether long-term vitamin E or C supplementation decreases risk of prostate and total cancer events among men. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS The Physicians' Health Study II is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled factorial trial of vitamins E and C that began in 1997 and continued until its scheduled completion on August 31, 2007. 	 OBJECTIVE
A total of 14,641 male physicians in the United States initially aged 50 years or older, including 1307 men with a history of prior cancer at randomization, were enrolled. 	 OBJECTIVE
Individual supplements of 400 IU of vitamin E every other day and 500 mg of vitamin C daily. 	 INTERVENTION
Prostate and total cancer. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
During a mean follow-up of 8.0 years, there were 1008 confirmed incident cases of prostate cancer and 1943 total cancers. 	 RESULTS
Compared with placebo, vitamin E had no effect on the incidence of prostate cancer (active and placebo vitamin E groups, 9.1 and 9.5 events per 1000 person-years; hazard ratio [HR], 0.97; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.85-1.09; P = .58) or total cancer (active and placebo vitamin E groups, 17.8 and 17.3 cases per 1000 person-years; HR, 1.04; 95% CI, 0.95-1.13; P = .41). 	 RESULTS
There was also no significant effect of vitamin C on total cancer (active and placebo vitamin C groups, 17.6 and 17.5 events per 1000 person-years; HR, 1.01; 95% CI, 0.92-1.10; P = .86) or prostate cancer (active and placebo vitamin C groups, 9.4 and 9.2 cases per 1000 person-years; HR, 1.02; 95% CI, 0.90-1.15; P = .80). 	 RESULTS
Neither vitamin E nor vitamin C had a significant effect on colorectal, lung, or other site-specific cancers. 	 RESULTS
Adjustment for adherence and exclusion of the first 4 or 6 years of follow-up did not alter the results. 	 RESULTS
Stratification by various cancer risk factors demonstrated no significant modification of the effect of vitamin E on prostate cancer risk or either agent on total cancer risk. 	 RESULTS
In this large, long-term trial of male physicians, neither vitamin E nor C supplementation reduced the risk of prostate or total cancer. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These data provide no support for the use of these supplements for the prevention of cancer in middle-aged and older men. 	 CONCLUSIONS
clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00270647. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
Limited information is available about the metabolic syndrome in Asians. 	 OBJECTIVE
Furthermore, the definition of central obesity using waist circumference may not be appropriate for Asians. 	 OBJECTIVE
The objectives of this study were to determine the optimal waist circumference for diagnosing central obesity in Asians and to estimate the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome in an Asian population. 	 OBJECTIVE
We used data from the 1998 Singapore National Health Survey, a cross-sectional survey involving 4,723 men and women of Chinese, Malay, and Asian-Indian ethnicity aged 18-69 years. 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
Receiver operating characteristic analysis suggested that waist circumference >80 cm in women and >90 cm in men was a more appropriate definition of central obesity in this population. 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
The prevalence of the metabolic syndrome was then determined using the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III (NCEP ATP III) criteria with and without the modified waist circumference criteria. 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
In Asians, decreasing waist circumference increased the crude prevalence of the metabolic syndrome from 12.2 to 17.9%. 	 RESULTS
Using the modified Asian criteria, the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome increased from 2.9% in those aged 18-30 years to 31.0% in those aged 60-69 years. 	 RESULTS
It was more common in men (prevalence 20.9% in men versus 15.5% in women; P < 0.001) and Asian Indians (prevalence 28.8% in Asian-Indians, 24.2% in Malays, and 14.8% in Chinese; P < 0.001). 	 RESULTS
criteria, applied to an Asian population, will underestimate the population at risk. 	 CONCLUSIONS NCEP ATP III
With a lower waist circumference cutoff, the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome is comparable to that in Western populations. 	 CONCLUSIONS NCEP ATP III
Ethnic differences are likely to exist between populations across Asia. 	 CONCLUSIONS NCEP ATP III
Inadequate photosynthesis or oral intake of Vitamin D are associated with high incidence rates of colorectal cancer, but the dose-response relationship has not been adequately studied. 	 BACKGROUND
Dose-response gradients from observational studies of Vitamin D intake and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D were plotted as trend lines. 	 METHODS
The point on each linear trend line corresponding to an odds ratio of 0.50 provided the prediagnostic Vitamin D intake or 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentration associated with 50% lower risk compared to <100IU/day Vitamin D or <13ng/ml serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D. Medians of these values were determined. 	 METHODS
Overall, individuals with >or=1000IU/day oral Vitamin D (p<0.0001) or >or=33ng/ml (82nmol/l) serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (p<0.01) had 50% lower incidence of colorectal cancer compared to reference values. 	 RESULTS
Intake of 1000IU/day of Vitamin D, half the safe upper intake established by the National Academy of Sciences, was associated with 50% lower risk. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D of 33ng/ml, which is known to be safe, also was associated with 50% lower risk. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Prompt public health action is needed to increase intake of Vitamin D(3) to 1000IU/day, and to raise 25-hydroxyvitamin D by encouraging a modest duration of sunlight exposure. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To assess prospectively the risk of coronary heart disease associated with elevated plasma levels of homocyst(e)ine. 	 OBJECTIVE
Nested case-control study using prospectively collected blood samples. 	 DESIGN
Participants in the Physicians' Health Study. 	 SETTING
A total of 14,916 male physicians, aged 40 to 84 years, with no prior myocardial infarction (MI) or stroke provided plasma samples at baseline and were followed up for 5 years. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Samples from 271 men who subsequently developed MI were analyzed for homocyst(e)ine levels together with paired controls, matched by age and smoking. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Acute MI or death due to coronary disease. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
Levels of homocyst(e)ine were higher in cases than in controls (11.1 +/- 4.0 [SD] vs 10.5 +/- 	 RESULTS
2.8 nmol/mL; P = .03). 	 RESULTS
The difference was attributable to an excess of high values among men who later had MIs. 	 RESULTS
The relative risk for the highest 5% vs the bottom 90% of homocyst(e)ine levels was 3.1 (95% confidence interval, 1.4 to 6.9; P = .005). 	 RESULTS
After additional adjustment for diabetes, hypertension, aspirin assignment, Quetelet's Index, and total/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, this relative risk was 3.4 (95% confidence interval, 1.3 to 8.8) (P = .01). 	 RESULTS
Thirteen controls and 31 cases (11%) had values above the 95th percentile of the controls. 	 RESULTS
Moderately high levels of plasma homocyst(e)ine are associated with subsequent risk of MI independent of other coronary risk factors. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Because high levels can often be easily treated with vitamin supplements, homocyst(e)ine may be an independent, modifiable risk factor. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Individuals with severely impaired lung function have an increased risk of lung cancer. 	 BACKGROUND
Whether milder reductions in forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV(1)) also increase the risk of lung cancer is controversial. 	 BACKGROUND
Moreover, there is little consensus on whether men and women have similar risks for lung cancer for similar decreases in FEV(1). 	 BACKGROUND
A search was conducted of PubMed and EMBASE from January 1966 to January 2005 and studies that examined the relationship between FEV1 and lung cancer were identified. 	 METHODS
The search was limited to studies that were population based, employed a prospective design, were large in size (> or = 5000 participants), and adjusted for cigarette smoking status. 	 METHODS
Twenty eight abstracts were identified, six of which did not report FEV1 and eight did not adjust for smoking. 	 RESULTS
Included in this report are four studies that reported FEV1 in quintiles. 	 RESULTS
The risk of lung cancer increased with decreasing FEV1. 	 RESULTS
Compared with the highest quintile of FEV1 (> 100% of predicted), the lowest quintile of FEV1 (< approximately 70% of predicted) was associated with a 2.23 fold (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.73 to 2.86) increase in the risk for lung cancer in men and a 3.97 fold increase in women (95% CI 1.93 to 8.25). 	 RESULTS
Even relatively small decrements in FEV1 ( approximately 90% of predicted) increased the risk for lung cancer by 30% in men (95% CI 1.05 to 1.62) and 2.64 fold in women (95% CI 1.30 to 5.31). 	 RESULTS
Reduced FEV1 is strongly associated with lung cancer. 	 CONCLUSION
Even a relatively modest reduction in FEV1 is a significant predictor of lung cancer, especially among women. 	 CONCLUSION
The aim was to describe the sex and socioeconomic differences in patterns of physical activity at work and in leisure time of men and women aged 36 years, and to investigate factors in childhood and adolescence which predict high rates of participation in sports and recreational activities in later life. 	 OBJECTIVE
Data collected in childhood, adolescence, and at 36 years on members of a national prospective birth cohort study were used. 	 DESIGN
SETTING 	 DESIGN
The population sample was resident in England, Scotland, and Wales. 	 DESIGN
A stratified sample of about 3500 men and women was studied regularly from birth until 43 years. 	 SUBJECTS
More men than women reported high rates of sports and recreational activities, gardening, and do-it-yourself. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
In contrast women reported higher rates of bicycling and walking. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
Higher levels of education were associated with frequent participation in sports. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
Individuals often engaged in one type of activity without necessarily engaging in other types. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
Those who were most active in sport had been above average at sports in school, more outgoing socially in adolescence, had fewer health problems in childhood, were better educated, and had more mothers with a secondary education than those who were less active. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
Studies that examine the relationship between physical activity and chronic disease should consider a broad range of pursuits rather than extrapolating from only one area of physical activity, and in their explanations should take account of the possible role of childhood characteristics. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The findings suggest the importance of developing skills and habits in childhood as well as of encouraging healthier exercise habits in adults who may have had few opportunities or low motivation previously. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The long-term risk for developing hypertension is best described by the lifetime risk statistic. 	 CONTEXT
The lifetime risk for hypertension and trends in this risk over time are unknown. 	 CONTEXT
To estimate the residual lifetime risk for hypertension in older US adults and to evaluate temporal trends in this risk. 	 OBJECTIVES
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Community-based prospective cohort study of 1298 participants from the Framingham Heart Study who were aged 55 to 65 years and free of hypertension at baseline (1976-1998). 	 OBJECTIVES
Residual lifetime risk (lifetime cumulative incidence not adjusted for competing causes of mortality) for hypertension, defined as blood pressure of 140/90 mm Hg or greater or use of antihypertensive medications. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
The residual lifetime risks for developing hypertension and stage 1 high blood pressure or higher (greater-than-or-equal to 140/90 mm Hg regardless of treatment) were 90% in both 55- and 65-year-old participants. 	 RESULTS
The lifetime probability of receiving antihypertensive medication was 60%. 	 RESULTS
The risk for hypertension remained unchanged for women, but it was approximately 60% higher for men in the contemporary 1976-1998 period compared with an earlier 1952-1975 period. 	 RESULTS
In contrast, the residual lifetime risk for stage 2 high blood pressure or higher (greater-than-or-equal to 160/100 mm Hg regardless of treatment) was considerably lower in both sexes in the recent period (35%-57% in 1952-1975 vs 35%-44% in 1976-1998), likely due to a marked increase in treatment of individuals with substantially elevated blood pressure. 	 RESULTS
The residual lifetime risk for hypertension for middle-aged and elderly individuals is 90%, indicating a huge public health burden. 	 CONCLUSION
Although the decline in lifetime risk for stage 2 high blood pressure or higher represents a major achievement, efforts should be directed at the primary prevention of hypertension. 	 CONCLUSION
The case-fatality for intentional self-poisoning in the rural developing world is 10-50-fold higher than that in industrialised countries, mostly because of the use of highly toxic pesticides and plants. 	 BACKGROUND
We therefore aimed to assess whether routine treatment with multiple-dose activated charcoal, to interrupt enterovascular or enterohepatic circulations, offers benefit compared with no charcoal in such an environment. 	 BACKGROUND
We did an open-label, parallel group, randomised, controlled trial of six 50 g doses of activated charcoal at 4-h intervals versus no charcoal versus one 50 g dose of activated charcoal in three Sri Lankan hospitals. 	 METHODS
4632 patients were randomised to receive no charcoal (n=1554), one dose of charcoal (n=1545), or six doses of charcoal (n=1533); outcomes were available for 4629 patients. 	 METHODS
2338 (51%) individuals had ingested pesticides, whereas 1647 (36%) had ingested yellow oleander (Thevetia peruviana) seeds. 	 METHODS
Mortality was the primary outcome measure. 	 METHODS
Analysis was by intention to treat. 	 METHODS
The trial is registered with controlled-trials.com as ISRCTN02920054. 	 METHODS
Mortality did not differ between the groups. 	 FINDINGS
97 (6.3%) of 1531 participants in the multiple-dose group died, compared with 105 (6.8%) of 1554 in the no charcoal group (adjusted odds ratio 0.96, 95% CI 0.70-1.33). 	 FINDINGS
No differences were noted for patients who took particular poisons, were severely ill on admission, or who presented early. 	 FINDINGS
We cannot recommend the routine use of multiple-dose activated charcoal in rural Asia Pacific; although further studies of early charcoal administration might be useful, effective affordable treatments are urgently needed. 	 INTERPRETATION
Reducing sugar-sweetened beverage (SSB) consumption is a recommended strategy to promote optimal health. 	 BACKGROUND
The objective was to describe trends in SSB consumption among youth and adults in the United States. 	 OBJECTIVE
We analyzed energy intake from SSBs among 22,367 youth aged 2-19 y and 29,133 adults aged ≥20 y who participated in a 24-h dietary recall as part of NHANES, a nationally representative sample of the US population with a cross-sectional design, between 1999 and 2010. 	 DESIGN
SSBs included soda, fruit drinks, sports and energy drinks, sweetened coffee and tea, and other sweetened beverages. 	 DESIGN
Patterns of SSB consumption, including location of consumption and meal occasion associated with consumption, were also examined. 	 DESIGN
In 2009-2010, youth consumed a mean (±SE) of 155 ± 7 kcal/d from SSBs, and adults consumed an age-adjusted mean (±SE) of 151 ± 5 kcal/d from SSBs--a decrease from 1999 to 2000 of 68 kcal/d and 45 kcal/d, respectively (P-trend < 0.001 for each). 	 RESULTS
In 2009-2010, SSBs contributed 8.0% ± 0.4% and 6.9% ± 0.2% of daily energy intake among youth and adults, respectively, which reflected a decrease compared with 1999-2000 (P-trend < 0.001 for both). 	 RESULTS
Decreases in SSB consumption, both in the home and away from home and also with both meals and snacks, occurred over the 12-y study duration (P-trend < 0.01 for each). 	 RESULTS
A decrease in SSB consumption among youth and adults in the United States was observed between 1999 and 2010. 	 CONCLUSION
Pharmacist review of medication orders in the intensive care unit (ICU) has been shown to prevent errors, and pharmacist consultation has reduced drug costs. 	 CONTEXT
However, whether pharmacist participation in the ICU at the time of drug prescribing reduces adverse events has not been studied. 	 CONTEXT
To measure the effect of pharmacist participation on medical rounds in the ICU on the rate of preventable adverse drug events (ADEs) caused by ordering errors. 	 OBJECTIVE
Before-after comparison between phase 1 (baseline) and phase 2 (after intervention implemented) and phase 2 comparison with a control unit that did not receive the intervention. 	 DESIGN
A medical ICU (study unit) and a coronary care unit (control unit) in a large urban teaching hospital. 	 SETTING
Seventy-five patients randomly selected from each of 3 groups: all admissions to the study unit from February 1, 1993, through July 31, 1993 (baseline) and all admissions to the study unit (postintervention) and control unit from October 1, 1994, through July 7, 1995. 	 PATIENTS
In addition, 50 patients were selected at random from the control unit during the baseline period. 	 PATIENTS
A senior pharmacist made rounds with the ICU team and remained in the ICU for consultation in the morning, and was available on call throughout the day. 	 INTERVENTION
Preventable ADEs due to ordering (prescribing) errors and the number, type, and acceptance of interventions made by the pharmacist. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Preventable ADEs were identified by review of medical records of the randomly selected patients during both preintervention and postintervention phases. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Pharmacists recorded all recommendations, which were then analyzed by type and acceptance. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
The rate of preventable ordering ADEs decreased by 66% from 10.4 per 1000 patient-days (95% confidence interval [CI], 7-14) before the intervention to 3.5 (95% CI, 1-5; P<.001) after the intervention. 	 RESULTS
In the control unit, the rate was essentially unchanged during the same time periods: 10.9 (95% CI, 6-16) and 12.4 (95% CI, 8-17) per 1000 patient-days. 	 RESULTS
The pharmacist made 366 recommendations related to drug ordering, of which 362 (99%) were accepted by physicians. 	 RESULTS
The presence of a pharmacist on rounds as a full member of the patient care team in a medical ICU was associated with a substantially lower rate of ADEs caused by prescribing errors. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Nearly all the changes were readily accepted by physicians. 	 CONCLUSIONS
A central challenge of biology is to map and understand gene regulation on a genome-wide scale. 	 BACKGROUND
For any given genome, only a small fraction of the regulatory elements embedded in the DNA sequence have been characterized, and there is great interest in developing computational methods to systematically map all these elements and understand their relationships. 	 BACKGROUND
Such computational efforts, however, are significantly hindered by the overwhelming size of non-coding regions and the statistical variability and complex spatial organizations of regulatory elements and interactions. 	 BACKGROUND
Genome-wide catalogs of regulatory elements for all model species simply do not yet exist. 	 BACKGROUND
The MotifMap system uses databases of transcription factor binding motifs, refined genome alignments, and a comparative genomic statistical approach to provide comprehensive maps of candidate regulatory elements encoded in the genomes of model species. 	 RESULTS
The system is used to derive new genome-wide maps for yeast, fly, worm, mouse, and human. 	 RESULTS
The human map contains 519,108 sites for 570 matrices with a False Discovery Rate of 0.1 or less. 	 RESULTS
The new maps are assessed in several ways, for instance using high-throughput experimental ChIP-seq data and AUC statistics, providing strong evidence for their accuracy and coverage. 	 RESULTS
The maps can be usefully integrated with many other kinds of omic data and are available at http://motifmap.igb.uci.edu/.   CONCLUSIONS MotifMap and its integration with other data provide a foundation for analyzing gene regulation on a genome-wide scale, and for automatically generating regulatory pathways and hypotheses. 	 RESULTS
The power of this approach is demonstrated and discussed using the P53 apoptotic pathway and the Gli hedgehog pathways as examples. 	 RESULTS
To examine the therapeutic/preventive potential of liposome-encapsulated spironolactone (SP; Lipo-SP) for acute lung injury (ALI) and fibrosis. 	 AIM
& METHODS Lipo-SP was prepared by the film-ultrasonic method, and physicochemical and pharmacokinetic characterized for oral administration (10 and 20 mg/kg for SP-loaded liposome; 20 mg/kg for free SP) in a mouse model bleomycin-induced ALI. 	 MATERIALS
Lipo-SP enhanced bioavailability of SP with significant amelioration in lung pathology. 	 RESULTS
Mechanistically, SP-mediated mineralocorticoid receptor antagonism contributes to inflammatory monocyte/macrophage modulation via an inhibitory effect on Ly6C(hi) monocytosis-directed M2 polarization of alveolar macrophages. 	 RESULTS
Moreover, Lipo-SP at lower dose (10 mg/kg) exhibited more improvement in body weight gain. 	 RESULTS
Our data highlight Lipo-SP as a promising approach with therapeutic/preventive potential for ALI and fibrosis. 	 CONCLUSION
Artemisinin combination therapies (ACT), which are increasingly being introduced for treatment of Plasmodium falciparum malaria, are more effective against sexual stage parasites (gametocytes) than previous first-line antimalarials and therefore have the potential to reduce parasite transmission. 	 BACKGROUND
The size of this effect is estimated in symptomatic P. falciparum infections. 	 BACKGROUND
Data on 3,174 patients were pooled from six antimalarial trials conducted in The Gambia and Kenya. 	 METHODS
Multivariable regression was used to investigate the role of ACT versus non-artemisinin antimalarial treatment, treatment failure, presence of pre-treatment gametocytes and submicroscopic gametocytaemia on transmission to mosquitoes and the area under the curve (AUC) of gametocyte density during the 28 days of follow up. 	 METHODS
treatment was associated with a significant reduction in the probability of being gametocytaemic on the day of transmission experiments (OR 0.20 95% CI 0.16-0.26), transmission to mosquitoes by slide-positive gametocyte carriers (OR mosquito infection 0.49 95% CI 0.33-0.73) and AUC of gametocyte density (ratio of means 0.35 95% CI 0.31-0.41). 	 RESULTS ACT
Parasitological treatment failure did not account for the difference between ACT and non-artemisinin impact. 	 RESULTS ACT
The presence of slide-positive gametocytaemia prior to treatment significantly reduced ACT impact on gametocytaemia (p < 0.001). 	 RESULTS ACT
Taking account of submicroscopic gametocytaemia reduced estimates of ACT impact in a high transmission setting in Kenya, but not in a lower transmission setting in the Gambia. 	 RESULTS ACT
Treatment with ACT significantly reduces infectiousness of individual patients with uncomplicated falciparum malaria compared to previous first line treatments. 	 CONCLUSION
Rapid treatment of cases before gametocytaemia is well developed may enhance the impact of ACT on transmission. 	 CONCLUSION
Gastroesophageal reflux (GER) has not previously been widely regarded as a hereditary disease. 	 CONTEXT
A few reports have suggested, however, that a genetic component may contribute to the incidence of GER, especially in its severe or chronic forms. 	 CONTEXT
To identify a genetic locus that cosegregates with a severe pediatric GER phenotype in families with multiple affected members. 	 OBJECTIVE
A genome-wide scan of families affected by severe pediatric GER using polymorphic microsatellite markers spaced at an average of 8 centimorgans (cM), followed by haplotyping and by pairwise and multipoint linkage analyses. 	 DESIGN
General US community, with research performed in a university tertiary care hospital. 	 SETTING
Affected and unaffected family members from 5 families having multiple individuals affected by severe pediatric GER, identified through a patient support group. 	 SUBJECTS
Determination of inheritance patterns and linkage of a genetic locus with the severe pediatric GER phenotype by logarithm-of-odds (lod) score analysis, considering a lod score of 3 or greater as evidence of linkage. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
In these families, severe pediatric GER followed an autosomal dominant hereditary pattern with high penetrance. 	 RESULTS
A gene for severe pediatric GER was mapped to a 13-cM region on chromosome 13q between microsatellite markers D13S171 and D13S263. 	 RESULTS
A maximum multifamily 2-point lod score of 5.58 and a maximum multifamily multipoint lod score of 7.15 were obtained for marker D13S1253 at map position 35 cM when presumptively affected persons were modeled as unknown (a maximum multipoint score of 4.88 was obtained when presumptively affected persons were modeled as unaffected). 	 RESULTS
These data suggest that a gene for severe pediatric GER maps to chromosome 13q14. 	 CONCLUSION
JAMA. 	 CONCLUSION
2000;284:325-334 	 CONCLUSION
Adoption of new and underutilized vaccines by national immunization programs is an essential step towards reducing child mortality. 	 BACKGROUND
Policy decisions to adopt new vaccines in high mortality countries often lag behind decisions in high-income countries. 	 BACKGROUND
Using the case of Haemophilus influenzae type b (Hib) vaccine, this paper endeavors to explain these delays through the analysis of country-level economic, epidemiological, programmatic and policy-related factors, as well as the role of the Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunisation (GAVI Alliance). 	 BACKGROUND
Data for 147 countries from 1990 to 2007 were analyzed in accelerated failure time models to identify factors that are associated with the time to decision to adopt Hib vaccine. 	 METHODS
In multivariable models that control for Gross National Income, region, and burden of Hib disease, the receipt of GAVI support speeded the time to decision by a factor of 0.37 (95% CI 0.18-0.76), or 63%. 	 RESULTS
The presence of two or more neighboring country adopters accelerated decisions to adopt by a factor of 0.50 (95% CI 0.33-0.75). 	 RESULTS
For each 1% increase in vaccine price, decisions to adopt are delayed by a factor of 1.02 (95% CI 1.00-1.04). 	 RESULTS
Global recommendations and local studies were not associated with time to decision. 	 RESULTS
This study substantiates previous findings related to vaccine price and presents new evidence to suggest that GAVI eligibility is associated with accelerated decisions to adopt Hib vaccine. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The influence of neighboring country decisions was also highly significant, suggesting that approaches to support the adoption of new vaccines should consider supply- and demand-side factors. 	 CONCLUSIONS
For women with oestrogen receptor (ER)-positive early breast cancer, treatment with tamoxifen for 5 years substantially reduces the breast cancer mortality rate throughout the first 15 years after diagnosis. 	 BACKGROUND
We aimed to assess the further effects of continuing tamoxifen to 10 years instead of stopping at 5 years. 	 BACKGROUND
In the worldwide Adjuvant Tamoxifen: Longer Against Shorter (ATLAS) trial, 12,894 women with early breast cancer who had completed 5 years of treatment with tamoxifen were randomly allocated to continue tamoxifen to 10 years or stop at 5 years (open control). 	 METHODS
Allocation (1:1) was by central computer, using minimisation. 	 METHODS
After entry (between 1996 and 2005), yearly follow-up forms recorded any recurrence, second cancer, hospital admission, or death. 	 METHODS
We report effects on breast cancer outcomes among the 6846 women with ER-positive disease, and side-effects among all women (with positive, negative, or unknown ER status). 	 METHODS
Long-term follow-up still continues. 	 METHODS
This study is registered, number ISRCTN19652633. 	 METHODS
Among women with ER-positive disease, allocation to continue tamoxifen reduced the risk of breast cancer recurrence (617 recurrences in 3428 women allocated to continue vs 711 in 3418 controls, p=0·002), reduced breast cancer mortality (331 deaths vs 397 deaths, p=0·01), and reduced overall mortality (639 deaths vs 722 deaths, p=0·01). 	 FINDINGS
The reductions in adverse breast cancer outcomes appeared to be less extreme before than after year 10 (recurrence rate ratio [RR] 0·90 [95% CI 0·79–1·02] during years 5–9 and 0·75 [0·62–0·90] in later years; breast cancer mortality RR 0·97 [0·79–1·18] during years 5–9 and 0·71 [0·58–0·88] in later years). 	 FINDINGS
The cumulative risk of recurrence during years 5–14 was 21·4% for women allocated to continue versus 25·1% for controls; breast cancer mortality during years 5–14 was 12·2% for women allocated to continue versus 15·0% for controls (absolute mortality reduction 2·8%). 	 FINDINGS
Treatment allocation seemed to have no effect on breast cancer outcome among 1248 women with ER-negative disease, and an intermediate effect among 4800 women with unknown ER status. 	 FINDINGS
Among all 12,894 women, mortality without recurrence from causes other than breast cancer was little affected (691 deaths without recurrence in 6454 women allocated to continue versus 679 deaths in 6440 controls; RR 0·99 [0·89–1·10]; p=0·84). 	 FINDINGS
For the incidence (hospitalisation or death) rates of specific diseases, RRs were as follows: pulmonary embolus 1·87 (95% CI 1·13–3·07, p=0·01 [including 0·2% mortality in both treatment groups]), stroke 1·06 (0·83–1·36), ischaemic heart disease 0·76 (0·60–0·95, p=0·02), and endometrial cancer 1·74 (1·30–2·34, p=0·0002). 	 FINDINGS
The cumulative risk of endometrial cancer during years 5–14 was 3·1% (mortality 0·4%) for women allocated to continue versus 1·6% (mortality 0·2%) for controls (absolute mortality increase 0·2%). 	 FINDINGS
For women with ER-positive disease, continuing tamoxifen to 10 years rather than stopping at 5 years produces a further reduction in recurrence and mortality, particularly after year 10. 	 INTERPRETATION
These results, taken together with results from previous trials of 5 years of tamoxifen treatment versus none, suggest that 10 years of tamoxifen treatment can approximately halve breast cancer mortality during the second decade after diagnosis. 	 INTERPRETATION
Cancer Research UK, UK Medical Research Council, AstraZeneca UK, US Army, EU-Biomed. 	 FUNDING
The analgesic co-proxamol (paracetamol/dextropropoxyphene combination) has been widely involved in fatal poisoning. 	 BACKGROUND
Concerns about its safety/effectiveness profile and widespread use for suicidal poisoning prompted its withdrawal in the UK in 2005, with partial withdrawal between 2005 and 2007, and full withdrawal in 2008. 	 BACKGROUND
Our objective in this study was to assess the association between co-proxamol withdrawal and prescribing and deaths in England and Wales in 2005-2010 compared with 1998-2004, including estimation of possible substitution effects by other analgesics. 	 BACKGROUND
We obtained prescribing data from the NHS Health and Social Care Information Centre (England) and Prescribing Services Partneriaeth Cydwasanaethau GIG Cymru (Wales), and mortality data from the Office for National Statistics. 	 METHODS
We carried out an interrupted time-series analysis of prescribing and deaths (suicide, open verdicts, accidental poisonings) involving single analgesics. 	 METHODS
The reduction in prescribing of co-proxamol following its withdrawal in 2005 was accompanied by increases in prescribing of several other analgesics (co-codamol, paracetamol, codeine, co-dydramol, tramadol, oxycodone, and morphine) during 2005-2010 compared with 1998-2004. 	 RESULTS
These changes were associated with major reductions in deaths due to poisoning with co-proxamol receiving verdicts of suicide and undetermined cause of -21 deaths (95% CI -34 to -8) per quarter, equating to approximately 500 fewer suicide deaths (-61%) over the 6 years 2005-2010, and -25 deaths (95% CI -38 to -12) per quarter, equating to 600 fewer deaths (-62%) when accidental poisoning deaths were included. 	 RESULTS
There was little observed change in deaths involving other analgesics, apart from an increase in oxycodone poisonings, but numbers were small. 	 RESULTS
Limitations were that the study was based on deaths involving single drugs alone and changes in deaths involving prescribed morphine could not be assessed. 	 RESULTS
During the 6 years following the withdrawal of co-proxamol in the UK, there was a major reduction in poisoning deaths involving this drug, without apparent significant increase in deaths involving other analgesics. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To evaluate the association between apolipoprotein E (APOE) polymorphisms (E2, C/T Arg158Cys; E4, T/C Cys112Arg; and promoter, g-219t) and the history of concussion in college athletes. 	 OBJECTIVE
We hypothesized that carrying 1 or more APOE rare (or minor) allele assessed in this study would be associated with having a history of 1 or more concussions. 	 OBJECTIVE
Multicenter cross-sectional study. 	 DESIGN
University athletic facilities. 	 SETTING
One hundred ninety-six male football (n = 163) and female soccer (n = 33) college athletes volunteered. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Written concussion history questionnaire and saliva samples for genotyping. 	 INTERVENTIONS
Self-reported history of a documented concussion and rare APOE genotype (E2, E4, promoter). 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
There was a significant association (Wald χ² = 3.82; P = 0.05; odds ratio = 9.8) between carrying all APOE rare alleles and the history of a previous concussion. 	 RESULTS
There was also a significant association (Wald χ² = 3.96, P = 0.04, odds ratio = 8.4) between carrying the APOE promoter minor allele and experiencing 2 or more concussions. 	 RESULTS
Carriers of all 3 APOE rare (or minor) alleles assessed in this study were nearly 10 times more likely to report a previous concussion and may be at a greater risk of concussion versus noncarriers. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Promoter minor allele carriers were 8.4 times more likely to report multiple concussions and may be at a greater risk of multiple concussions versus noncarriers. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Research involving larger samples of individuals with multiple concussions and carriers of multiple APOE rare alleles is warranted. 	 CONCLUSIONS
One of the theories involved in the pathogenesis of pregnancy induced hypertension involves salt and water retention. 	 OBJECTIVE
We aimed to measure the proenzyme convertase corin, responsible for pro-atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) cleavage to active ANP, in plasma of hypertensive pregnant females. 	 OBJECTIVE
Sixty pregnant females suffering from pregnancy induced hypertension in second and third trimesters of pregnancy were compared to twenty eight healthy pregnant females of the same gestational period. 	 STUDY DESIGN
Concomitant urine and plasma samples were collected for the determination of some biochemical parameters. 	 STUDY DESIGN
Plasma soluble corin and N-terminal (NT) pro-ANP (1-98) values were determined in both groups using enzyme immunoassays. 	 STUDY DESIGN
Plasma soluble corin mean value was significantly higher in the patient group compared to the control group. 	 RESULTS
Upon dividing the patient group according to blood pressure, plasma NT pro-ANP showed significantly higher mean value in the group with blood pressure⩾140/90mmHg compared to the group with blood pressure<140/90mmHg and control group. 	 RESULTS
High plasma soluble corin and NT pro-ANP values in hypertensive pregnant females particularly those with blood pressure⩾140/90mmHg speculates an ANP receptor/ post receptor signaling defect, which would aggravate the pregnancy induced hypertensive state. 	 CONCLUSIONS
There is a need for valid and reliable short scales that can be used to assess social networks and social supports and to screen for social isolation in older persons. 	 PURPOSE
The present study is a cross-national and cross-cultural evaluation of the performance of an abbreviated version of the Lubben Social Network Scale (LSNS-6), which was used to screen for social isolation among community-dwelling older adult populations in three European countries. 	 DESIGN AND METHODS
Based on the concept of lack of redundancy of social ties we defined clinical cut-points of the LSNS-6 for identifying persons deemed at risk for social isolation. 	 DESIGN AND METHODS
Among all three samples, the LSNS-6 and two subscales (Family and Friends) demonstrated high levels of internal consistency, stable factor structures, and high correlations with criterion variables. 	 RESULTS
The proposed clinical cut-points showed good convergent validity, and classified 20% of the respondents in Hamburg, 11% of those in Solothurn (Switzerland), and 15% of those in London as at risk for social isolation. 	 RESULTS
We conclude that abbreviated scales such as the LSNS-6 should be considered for inclusion in practice protocols of gerontological practitioners. 	 IMPLICATIONS
Screening older persons based on the LSNS-6 provides quantitative information on their family and friendship ties, and identifies persons at increased risk for social isolation who might benefit from in-depth assessment and targeted interventions. 	 IMPLICATIONS
The pneumococcus is a diverse pathogen whose primary niche is the nasopharynx. 	 BACKGROUND
Over 90 different serotypes exist, and nasopharyngeal carriage of multiple serotypes is common. 	 BACKGROUND
Understanding pneumococcal carriage is essential for evaluating the impact of pneumococcal vaccines. 	 BACKGROUND
Traditional serotyping methods are cumbersome and insufficient for detecting multiple serotype carriage, and there are few data comparing the new methods that have been developed over the past decade. 	 BACKGROUND
We established the PneuCarriage project, a large, international multi-centre study dedicated to the identification of the best pneumococcal serotyping methods for carriage studies. 	 BACKGROUND
Reference sample sets were distributed to 15 research groups for blinded testing. 	 METHODS
Twenty pneumococcal serotyping methods were used to test 81 laboratory-prepared (spiked) samples. 	 METHODS
The five top-performing methods were used to test 260 nasopharyngeal (field) samples collected from children in six high-burden countries. 	 METHODS
Sensitivity and positive predictive value (PPV) were determined for the test methods and the reference method (traditional serotyping of >100 colonies from each sample). 	 METHODS
For the alternate serotyping methods, the overall sensitivity ranged from 1% to 99% (reference method 98%), and PPV from 8% to 100% (reference method 100%), when testing the spiked samples. 	 METHODS
Fifteen methods had ≥70% sensitivity to detect the dominant (major) serotype, whilst only eight methods had ≥70% sensitivity to detect minor serotypes. 	 RESULTS
For the field samples, the overall sensitivity ranged from 74.2% to 95.8% (reference method 93.8%), and PPV from 82.2% to 96.4% (reference method 99.6%). 	 RESULTS
The microarray had the highest sensitivity (95.8%) and high PPV (93.7%). 	 RESULTS
The major limitation of this study is that not all of the available alternative serotyping methods were included. 	 RESULTS
Most methods were able to detect the dominant serotype in a sample, but many performed poorly in detecting the minor serotype populations. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Microarray with a culture amplification step was the top-performing method. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Results from this comprehensive evaluation will inform future vaccine evaluation and impact studies, particularly in low-income settings, where pneumococcal disease burden remains high. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Intracranial aneurysm (IA) is significantly more prevalent in patients with coarctation of the aorta or bicuspid aortic valve than in the general population, suggesting a common pathophysiology connecting IA and aortopathy. 	 BACKGROUND
Here, we analyzed echocardiographic aortic root dimension (ARD) in patients with IA to confirm this possibility. 	 BACKGROUND
From January 2008 to December 2010, 260 consecutive patients with IA who were admitted to our institution for coil embolization or for acute stroke management and who also underwent echocardiography were enrolled. 	 METHODS
We hypothesized that patients with large, ruptured, or multiple IAs are more likely to harbor co-prevalent aortopathy as measured by ARD compared to patients with small, isolated, unruptured IAs. 	 METHODS
Eccentric group was defined as patients aged <55 years with at least one ruptured aneurysm, an aneurysm ≥7 mm in size, or multiple aneurysms; the remainder was classified into a non-eccentric group. 	 METHODS
Clinical, angiographic, and echocardiographic findings of the two groups were compared. 	 METHODS
was significantly larger in the eccentric group than in the non-eccentric group (P = 0.049), and the difference was confirmed by multivariable analysis (P = 0.02). 	 RESULTS ARD
Subgroup analysis of patients aged <55 years showed similar result for ARD (P = 0.03), whereas hypertension was more associated with the non-eccentric group (P = 0.01). 	 RESULTS ARD
In addition, height was inversely related to aneurysm size after adjustment for age, sex, weight, ARD, smoking status, and number of aneurysms (P = 0.004). 	 RESULTS ARD
A certain group of IA patients share a common intrinsic wall defect with aortopathy. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Shared neural crest cell origin may give rise to this phenomenon. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Several studies have demonstrated that women with nonobstructive coronary disease have a high rate of subsequent investigations, rehospitalizations for recurrent chest pain, and repeat coronary angiography. 	 BACKGROUND
The sex specificity of this finding is unclear. 	 BACKGROUND
We therefore undertook an evaluation of sex differences in rehospitalization for acute coronary syndrome (ACS) or chest pain in patients with "angiographically normal" coronaries. 	 BACKGROUND
A retrospective cohort study using prospectively collected angiographic and clinical data on all patients in British Columbia, Canada, presenting for their first cardiac catheterization with suspected ischemic heart disease but angiographically normal coronaries. 	 METHODS
Among 32,856 patients, 7.1% of men versus 23.3% of women were angiographically normal (P < .001). 	 RESULTS
Among angiographically normal patients, women were older and more likely to present with hypertension, prior stroke, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and peripheral vascular disease than men, but Canadian Cardiovascular Society class of angina did not vary by sex. 	 RESULTS
Within 1 year, 1.0% died, (19 women, 18 men, P = .27) and 0.6% had a stroke (13 women, 9 men, P = .91). 	 RESULTS
Readmission to hospital for ACS or chest pain requiring catheterization was significantly higher in women compared to men (adjusted OR 4.06; 95% CI 1.15-14.31). 	 RESULTS
In a contemporary, population-based cohort presenting for cardiac catheterization for suspected ischemia, women with angiographically normal coronaries were >4 times more likely to be readmitted to hospital for ACS/chest pain within 180 days compared to men. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The observed sex difference has important social and economic implications and suggests that traditional diagnostic methods may not be optimal for women. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Upregulated by atheroprotective flow, the transcription factor Krüppel-like factor 2 (KLF2) is crucial for maintaining endothelial function. 	 BACKGROUND
MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are noncoding small RNAs that regulate gene expression at the posttranscriptional level. 	 BACKGROUND
We examined the role of miRNAs, particularly miR-92a, in the atheroprotective flow-regulated KLF2. 	 BACKGROUND
Dicer knockdown increased the level of KLF2 mRNA in human umbilical vein endothelial cells, suggesting that KLF2 is regulated by miRNA. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
In silico analysis predicted that miR-92a could bind to the 3' untranslated region of KLF2 mRNA. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Overexpression of miR-92a decreased the expression of KLF2 and the KLF2-regulated endothelial nitric oxide synthase and thrombomodulin at mRNA and protein levels. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
A complementary finding is that miR-92a inhibitor increased the mRNA and protein expression of KLF2, endothelial nitric oxide synthase, and thrombomodulin. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Subsequent studies revealed that atheroprotective laminar flow downregulated the level of miR-92a precursor to induce KLF2, and the level of this flow-induced KLF2 was reduced by miR-92a precursor. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Furthermore, miR-92a level was lower in human umbilical vein endothelial cells exposed to the atheroprotective pulsatile shear flow than under atheroprone oscillatory shear flow. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Anti-Ago1/2 immunoprecipitation coupled with real-time polymerase chain reaction revealed that pulsatile shear flow decreased the functional targeting of miR-92a precursor/KLF2 mRNA in human umbilical vein endothelial cells. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Consistent with these findings, mouse carotid arteries receiving miR-92a precursor exhibited impaired vasodilatory response to flow. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Atheroprotective flow patterns decrease the level of miR-92a, which in turn increases KLF2 expression to maintain endothelial homeostasis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To measure whether the benefits of a single education and self management structured programme for people with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus are sustained at three years. 	 OBJECTIVE
Three year follow-up of a multicentre cluster randomised controlled trial in primary care, with randomisation at practice level. 	 DESIGN
207 general practices in 13 primary care sites in the United Kingdom. 	 SETTING
731 of the 824 participants included in the original trial were eligible for follow-up. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Biomedical data were collected on 604 (82.6%) and questionnaire data on 513 (70.1%) participants. 	 PARTICIPANTS
A structured group education programme for six hours delivered in the community by two trained healthcare professional educators compared with usual care. 	 INTERVENTION
The primary outcome was glycated haemoglobin (HbA(1c)) levels. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
The secondary outcomes were blood pressure, weight, blood lipid levels, smoking status, physical activity, quality of life, beliefs about illness, depression, emotional impact of diabetes, and drug use at three years. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
HbA(1c) levels at three years had decreased in both groups. 	 RESULTS
After adjusting for baseline and cluster the difference was not significant (difference -0.02, 95% confidence interval -0.22 to 0.17). 	 RESULTS
The groups did not differ for the other biomedical and lifestyle outcomes and drug use. 	 RESULTS
The significant benefits in the intervention group across four out of five health beliefs seen at 12 months were sustained at three years (P<0.01). 	 RESULTS
Depression scores and quality of life did not differ at three years. 	 RESULTS
A single programme for people with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus showed no difference in biomedical or lifestyle outcomes at three years although there were sustained improvements in some illness beliefs. 	 CONCLUSION
Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN17844016. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
In 2011, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) approved intensive behavioral weight loss counseling for approximately 14 face-to-face, 10- to 15-minute sessions over 6 months for obese beneficiaries in primary care settings, when delivered by physicians and other CMS-defined primary care practitioners. 	 IMPORTANCE
To conduct a systematic review of behavioral counseling for overweight and obese patients recruited from primary care, as delivered by primary care practitioners working alone or with trained interventionists (eg, medical assistants, registered dietitians), or by trained interventionists working independently. 	 OBJECTIVE
We searched PubMed, CINAHL, and EMBASE for randomized controlled trials published between January 1980 and June 2014 that recruited overweight and obese patients from primary care; provided behavioral counseling (ie, diet, exercise, and behavioral therapy) for at least 3 months, with at least 6 months of postrandomization follow-up; included at least 15 participants per treatment group and objectively measured weights; and had a comparator, an intention-to-treat analysis, and attrition of less than 30% at 1 year or less than 40% at longer follow-up. 	 EVIDENCE REVIEW
Review of 3304 abstracts yielded 12 trials, involving 3893 participants, that met inclusion-exclusion criteria and prespecified quality ratings. 	 FINDINGS
No studies were found in which primary care practitioners delivered counseling that followed the CMS guidelines. 	 FINDINGS
Mean 6-month weight changes from baseline in the intervention groups ranged from a loss of 0.3 kg to 6.6 kg. 	 FINDINGS
In the control group, mean change ranged from a gain of 0.9 kg to a loss of 2.0 kg. 	 FINDINGS
Weight loss in both groups generally declined with longer follow-up (12-24 months). 	 FINDINGS
Interventions that prescribed both reduced energy intake (eg, ≥ 500 kcal/d) and increased physical activity (eg, ≥150 minutes a week of walking), with traditional behavioral therapy, generally produced larger weight loss than interventions without all 3 specific components. 	 FINDINGS
In the former trials, more treatment sessions, delivered in person or by telephone by trained interventionists, were associated with greater mean weight loss and likelihood of patients losing 5% or more of baseline weight. 	 FINDINGS
Intensive behavioral counseling can induce clinically meaningful weight loss, but there is little research on primary care practitioners providing such care. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
The present findings suggest that a range of trained interventionists, who deliver counseling in person or by telephone, could be considered for treating overweight or obesity in patients encountered in primary care settings. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
Some evidence suggests vegetarian dietary patterns may be associated with reduced mortality, but the relationship is not well established. 	 IMPORTANCE
To evaluate the association between vegetarian dietary patterns and mortality. 	 OBJECTIVE
Prospective cohort study; mortality analysis by Cox proportional hazards regression, controlling for important demographic and lifestyle confounders. 	 DESIGN
Adventist Health Study 2 (AHS-2), a large North American cohort. 	 SETTING
A total of 96,469 Seventh-day Adventist men and women recruited between 2002 and 2007, from which an analytic sample of 73,308 participants remained after exclusions. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Diet was assessed at baseline by a quantitative food frequency questionnaire and categorized into 5 dietary patterns: nonvegetarian, semi-vegetarian, pesco-vegetarian, lacto-ovo-vegetarian, and vegan. 	 EXPOSURES
The relationship between vegetarian dietary patterns and all-cause and cause-specific mortality; deaths through 2009 were identified from the National Death Index. 	 MAIN OUTCOME AND MEASURE
There were 2570 deaths among 73,308 participants during a mean follow-up time of 5.79 years. 	 RESULTS
The mortality rate was 6.05 (95% CI, 5.82-6.29) deaths per 1000 person-years. 	 RESULTS
The adjusted hazard ratio (HR) for all-cause mortality in all vegetarians combined vs nonvegetarians was 0.88 (95% CI, 0.80-0.97). 	 RESULTS
The adjusted HR for all-cause mortality in vegans was 0.85 (95% CI, 0.73-1.01); in lacto-ovo-vegetarians, 0.91 (95% CI, 0.82-1.00); in pesco-vegetarians, 0.81 (95% CI, 0.69-0.94); and in semi-vegetarians, 0.92 (95% CI, 0.75-1.13) compared with nonvegetarians. 	 RESULTS
Significant associations with vegetarian diets were detected for cardiovascular mortality, noncardiovascular noncancer mortality, renal mortality, and endocrine mortality. 	 RESULTS
Associations in men were larger and more often significant than were those in women. 	 RESULTS
Vegetarian diets are associated with lower all-cause mortality and with some reductions in cause-specific mortality. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
Results appeared to be more robust in males. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
These favorable associations should be considered carefully by those offering dietary guidance. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
Several studies have investigated the expression of the cytokeratins (CKs), vimentin, the epithelial growth factor receptor (EGFR), the oestrogen receptor (ER), and the progesterone receptor (PgR), in breast cancer, but no study has directly compared p53 mutations with these phenotypic and differentiation markers in the same case. 	 AIM
The present study was designed to provide some of this information. 	 AIM
The expression of the p53 and bcl-2 proteins was evaluated by immunohistochemistry in relation to phenotypic characteristics and cellular kinetic parameters (mitotic index and apoptotic index) in 37 cases of ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS) and 27 cases of infiltrating ductal carcinoma (IDC) of the breast. 	 METHODS
In addition, p53 gene mutation was examined by polymerase chain reaction single strand conformation polymorphism analysis (SSCP). 	 METHODS
Thirteen cases (eight DCIS and five IDC) showed expression of CK8, CK14, CK18, vimentin, and EGFR, consistent with a stem cell phenotype, whereas 44 cases (27 DCIS and 17 IDC) showed expression of CK8 and CK1, weak or negative expression of CK18, but were negative for vimentin and EGFR, consistent with a luminal cell phenotype. 	 RESULTS
and IDC cases with a stem cell phenotype were ER/PgR negative and intermediately or poorly differentiated. 	 DCIS
In contrast, the cases with luminal cell phenotype were ER/PgR positive and well or intermediately differentiated. 	 DCIS
In addition, intermediately or poorly differentiated cases with a stem cell phenotype showed higher proliferative activity (per cent of MIB-l positive cells) than did intermediately or well differentiated cases with a luminal cell phenotype. 	 DCIS
Both DCIS and IDC cases with a stem cell phenotype were p53 positive and bcl-2 negative by immunohistochemistry. 	 DCIS
In IDC, p53 expression was associated with a reduction of both mitotic index and apoptotic index compared with DCIS. 	 DCIS
Most of the tumours showing a more differentiated phenotype (luminal) were p53 negative and bcl-2 positive. 	 DCIS
In these cases, cell kinetic parameters increased from DCIS to IDC. 	 DCIS
These data suggest the existence of subsets of DCIS and IDC that, because of their phenotypic characteristics, could be derived from subpopulations of normal breast cells having different control mechanisms of cell proliferation and neoplastic progression. 	 DCIS
These results are compatible with the hypothesis that the phenotype of the cell of origin constrains both tumour phenotype and the choice of genetic events; however, the occurrence of p53 mutants by chance during neoplastic transformation cannot be excluded. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Questions remain as to whether higher levels of cardiorespiratory fitness, a measure of regular physical activity, are associated with lower risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality in overweight and obese individuals with diabetes. 	 BACKGROUND
Our objective was to quantify the independent and joint relations of cardiorespiratory fitness (hereafter, fitness) and body mass index (BMI; calculated as weight in kilograms divided by the square of height in meters) with CVD mortality in men with diabetes. 	 BACKGROUND
This study was conducted using prospective observational data from the Aerobics Center Longitudinal Study. 	 METHODS
Study participants comprised 2316 men with no history of stroke or myocardial infarction and who were diagnosed as having diabetes (mean [SD] age, 50 [10] years); had a medical examination, including a maximal exercise test during 1970 to 1997 with mortality surveillance to December 31, 1998; and had a BMI of 18.5 or greater and less than 35.0. 	 METHODS
The main outcome measure was CVD mortality across levels of fitness with stratification by BMI. 	 METHODS
We identified 179 CVD deaths during a mean (SD) follow-up of 15.9 (7.9) years and 36,710 man-years of exposure. 	 RESULTS
In a model containing age, examination year, fasting glucose level, systolic blood pressure, parental history of premature CVD, total cholesterol level, cigarette smoking, abnormal resting, and exercise electrocardiograms, a significantly higher adjusted risk of mortality was observed in men with a low fitness level who were normal weight (hazard ratio, 2.7 [95% confidence interval, 1.3-5.7]), overweight (hazard ratio, 2.7 [95% confidence interval, 1.4-5.1]), and class 1 obese (hazard ratio, 2.8 [95% confidence interval, 1.4-5.1]) compared with normal weight men with a high fitness level. 	 RESULTS
In this cohort of men with diabetes, low fitness level was associated with increased risk of CVD mortality within normal weight, overweight, and class 1 obese weight categories. 	 CONCLUSION
There is overwhelming evidence that behavioural factors influence health, but their combined impact on the general population is less well documented. 	 BACKGROUND
We aimed to quantify the potential combined impact of four health behaviours on mortality in men and women living in the general community. 	 BACKGROUND
We examined the prospective relationship between lifestyle and mortality in a prospective population study of 20,244 men and women aged 45-79 y with no known cardiovascular disease or cancer at baseline survey in 1993-1997, living in the general community in the United Kingdom, and followed up to 2006. 	 METHODS
Participants scored one point for each health behaviour: current non-smoking, not physically inactive, moderate alcohol intake (1-14 units a week) and plasma vitamin C >50 mmol/l indicating fruit and vegetable intake of at least five servings a day, for a total score ranging from zero to four. 	 METHODS
After an average 11 y follow-up, the age-, sex-, body mass-, and social class-adjusted relative risks (95% confidence intervals) for all-cause mortality(1,987 deaths) for men and women who had three, two, one, and zero compared to four health behaviours were respectively, 1.39 (1.21-1.60), 1.95 (1.70--2.25), 2.52 (2.13-3.00), and 4.04 (2.95-5.54) p < 0.001 trend. 	 RESULTS
The relationships were consistent in subgroups stratified by sex, age, body mass index, and social class, and after excluding deaths within 2 y. 	 RESULTS
The trends were strongest for cardiovascular causes. 	 RESULTS
The mortality risk for those with four compared to zero health behaviours was equivalent to being 14 y younger in chronological age. 	 RESULTS
Four health behaviours combined predict a 4-fold difference in total mortality in men and women, with an estimated impact equivalent to 14 y in chronological age. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Hyperhomocysteinemia is caused by genetic and lifestyle influences, including low intakes of folate and vitamin B6. 	 CONTEXT
However, prospective data relating intake of these vitamins to risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) are not available. 	 CONTEXT
To examine intakes of folate and vitamin B6 in relation to the incidence of nonfatal myocardial infarction (MI) and fatal CHD. 	 OBJECTIVE
Prospective cohort study. 	 DESIGN
In 1980, a total of 80082 women from the Nurses' Health Study with no previous history of cardiovascular disease, cancer, hypercholesterolemia, or diabetes completed a detailed food frequency questionnaire from which we derived usual intake of folate and vitamin B6. 	 SETTING AND PATIENTS
Nonfatal MI and fatal CHD confirmed by World Health Organization criteria. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
During 14 years of follow-up, we documented 658 incident cases of nonfatal MI and 281 cases of fatal CHD. 	 RESULTS
After controlling for cardiovascular risk factors, including smoking and hypertension and intake of alcohol, fiber, vitamin E, and saturated, polyunsaturated, and trans fat, the relative risks (RRs) of CHD between extreme quintiles were 0.69 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.55-0.87) for folate (median intake, 696 microg/d vs 158 microg/d) and 0.67 (95% CI, 0.53-0.85) for vitamin B6 (median intake, 4.6 mg/d vs 1.1 mg/d). 	 RESULTS
Controlling for the same variables, the RR was 0.55 (95% CI, 0.41-0.74) among women in the highest quintile of both folate and vitamin B6 intake compared with the opposite extreme. 	 RESULTS
Risk of CHD was reduced among women who regularly used multiple vitamins (RR=0.76; 95% CI, 0.65-0.90), the major source of folate and vitamin B6, and after excluding multiple vitamin users, among those with higher dietary intakes of folate and vitamin B6. 	 RESULTS
In a subgroup analysis, compared with nondrinkers, the inverse association between a high-folate diet and CHD was strongest among women who consumed up to 1 alcoholic beverage per day (RR =0.69; 95% CI, 0.49-0.97) or more than 1 drink per day (RR=0.27; 95% CI, 0.13-0.58). 	 RESULTS
These results suggest that intake of folate and vitamin B6 above the current recommended dietary allowance may be important in the primary prevention of CHD among women. 	 CONCLUSION
The Euro-D depression scale consists of symptom clusters that may be differentially related to demographic and cognitive characteristics in older adults. 	 BACKGROUND
This hypothesis needs further investigation and the role of measurement bias on substantive conclusions remains to be established. 	 BACKGROUND
The study sample comprised 10,405 community-dwelling older adults from six Latin American countries. 	 METHOD
We applied a Multiple Indicators Multiple Causes (MIMIC) model for a concurrent investigation of measurement bias and of the association between Euro-D symptom clusters and background variables. 	 METHOD
The factorial validity of Euro-D, with a two-dimensional structure--affective suffering and motivation disturbance, was consistently supported in all countries. 	 RESULTS
Although complete measurement invariance could not be assumed across countries, measurement bias was minor. 	 RESULTS
Both Euro-D factors were unrelated to age, but related to gender, as well as to impairment in memory and verbal fluency. 	 RESULTS
Gender differences were larger for affective suffering than for motivation disturbance, whereas differences in verbal fluency impairment were more strongly related to motivation disturbance. 	 RESULTS
Our analytic strategies could only examine invariance at the level of indicator thresholds. 	 LIMITATIONS
The generalisability of current findings needs to be examined in clinical populations. 	 LIMITATIONS
A wider set of cognitive tests is needed. 	 LIMITATIONS
We did not examine the compositional factors that could have accounted for the variation in Euro-D scores across countries, as this was beyond the aims of the paper. 	 LIMITATIONS
The current study adds evidence for the construct validity of Euro-D and for the possible differential association of depression symptom-clusters with gender and verbal fluency in older adults. 	 CONCLUSION
An understanding of the heterogeneity of late-life depression may carry clinical implications for the diagnosis and treatment of depression in old age. 	 CONCLUSION
G-quadruplexes (G4s) are stable non-canonical DNA secondary structures consisting of stacked arrays of four guanines, each held together by Hoogsteen hydrogen bonds. 	 BACKGROUND
Sequences with the ability to form these structures in vitro, G4 motifs, are found throughout bacterial and eukaryotic genomes. 	 BACKGROUND
The budding yeast Pif1 DNA helicase, as well as several bacterial Pif1 family helicases, unwind G4 structures robustly in vitro and suppress G4-induced DNA damage in S. cerevisiae in vivo. 	 BACKGROUND
We determined the genomic distribution and evolutionary conservation of G4 motifs in four fission yeast species and investigated the relationship between G4 motifs and Pfh1, the sole S. pombe Pif1 family helicase. 	 RESULTS
Using chromatin immunoprecipitation combined with deep sequencing, we found that many G4 motifs in the S. pombe genome were associated with Pfh1. 	 RESULTS
Cells depleted of Pfh1 had increased fork pausing and DNA damage near G4 motifs, as indicated by high DNA polymerase occupancy and phosphorylated histone H2A, respectively. 	 RESULTS
In general, G4 motifs were underrepresented in genes. 	 RESULTS
However, Pfh1-associated G4 motifs were located on the transcribed strand of highly transcribed genes significantly more often than expected, suggesting that Pfh1 has a function in replication or transcription at these sites. 	 RESULTS
In the absence of functional Pfh1, unresolved G4 structures cause fork pausing and DNA damage of the sort associated with human tumors. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To determine the effects of smoking, plasma lipids, lipoproteins, apolipoproteins, and fibrinogen on the patency of saphenous vein femoropopliteal bypass grafts at one year. 	 OBJECTIVE
Prospective study of patients with saphenous vein femoropopliteal bypass grafts entered into a multicentre trial. 	 DESIGN
Surgical wards, outpatient clinics, and home visits coordinated by two tertiary referral centres in London and Birmingham. 	 SETTING
157 Patients (mean age 66.6 (SD 8.2) years), 113 with patent grafts and 44 with occluded grafts one year after bypass. 	 PATIENTS
Cumulative percentage patency at one year. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
Markers for smoking (blood carboxyhaemoglobin concentration (p less than 0.05) and plasma thiocyanate concentration (p less than 0.01) and plasma concentrations of fibrinogen (p less than 0.001) and apolipoproteins AI (p less than 0.04) and (a) (p less than 0.05) were significantly higher in patients with occluded grafts. 	 RESULTS
Serum cholesterol concentrations were significantly higher in patients with grafts that remained patent one year after bypass (p less than 0.005). 	 RESULTS
Analysis of the smoking markers indicated that a quarter of patients (40) were untruthful in their claims to have stopped smoking. 	 RESULTS
Based on smoking markers, patency of grafts in smokers was significantly lower at one year by life table analysis than in non-smokers (63% v 84%, p less than 0.02). 	 RESULTS
Patency was significantly higher by life table analysis in patients with a plasma fibrinogen concentration below the median than in those with a concentration above (90% v 57%, p less than 0.0002). 	 RESULTS
Surprisingly, increased plasma low density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration was significantly associated with improved patency at one year (85%) at values above the median compared with patency (only 68%) at values in the lower half of the range (p less than 0.02). 	 RESULTS
Plasma fibrinogen concentration was the most important variable predicting graft occlusion, followed by smoking markers. 	 CONCLUSIONS
A more forceful approach is needed to stop patients smoking; therapeutic measures to improve patency of vein grafts should focus on decreasing plasma fibrinogen concentration rather than serum cholesterol concentration. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Chronic pelvic pain is a common condition with a major effect on health-related quality of life, work productivity, and health care use. 	 CONTEXT
Operative interruption of nerve trunks in the uterosacral ligaments by laparoscopic uterosacral nerve ablation (LUNA) is a treatment option for patients with chronic pelvic pain. 	 CONTEXT
To assess the effectiveness of LUNA in patients with chronic pelvic pain. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Randomized controlled trial of 487 women with chronic pelvic pain lasting longer than 6 months without or with minimal endometriosis, adhesions, or pelvic inflammatory disease, who were recruited to the study by consultant gynecological surgeons from 18 UK hospitals between February 1998 and December 2005. 	 OBJECTIVE
Follow-up was conducted by questionnaires mailed at 3 and 6 months and at 1, 2, 3, and 5 years. 	 OBJECTIVE
Bilateral LUNA or laparoscopy without pelvic denervation (no LUNA); participants were blinded to the treatment allocation. 	 INTERVENTION
MEASURES 	 MAIN OUTCOME
The primary outcome was pain, which was assessed by a visual analogue scale. 	 MAIN OUTCOME
Data concerning the 3 types of pain (noncyclical pain, dysmenorrhea, and dyspareunia) were analyzed separately as was the worst pain level experienced from any of these 3 types of pain. 	 MAIN OUTCOME
The secondary outcome was health-related quality of life, which was measured using a generic instrument (EuroQoL EQ-5D and EQ-VAS). 	 MAIN OUTCOME
After a median follow-up of 69 months, there were no significant differences reported on the visual analogue pain scales for the worst pain (mean difference between the LUNA group and the no LUNA group, -0.04 cm [95% confidence interval {CI}, -0.33 to 0.25 cm]; P = .80), noncyclical pain (-0.11 cm [95% CI, -0.50 to 0.29 cm]; P = .60), dysmenorrhea (-0.09 cm [95% CI, -0.49 to 0.30 cm]; P = .60), or dyspareunia (0.18 cm [95% CI, -0.22 to 0.62 cm]; P = .40). 	 RESULTS
No differences were observed between the LUNA group and the no LUNA group for quality of life. 	 RESULTS
Among women with chronic pelvic pain, LUNA did not result in improvements in pain, dysmenorrhea, dyspareunia, or quality of life compared with laparoscopy without pelvic denervation. 	 CONCLUSION
controlled-trials.com Identifier: ISRCTN41196151. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
Estrogen receptor-positive breast cancer tumors depend on estrogen signaling for their growth and replication and can be treated by anti-estrogen therapy with tamoxifen. 	 BACKGROUND
Polymorphisms of the CYP2D6 and CYP2C19 genes are associated with an impaired response to tamoxifen. 	 BACKGROUND
The study objective was to investigate the impact of genetic polymorphisms in CYP2D6 and CYP2C19 on the pharmacokinetics of tamoxifen and its metabolites in Spanish women with estrogen receptor-positive breast cancer who were candidates for tamoxifen therapy. 	 BACKGROUND
We studied 90 women with estrogen receptor-positive breast cancer, using the AmpliChip CYP450 test to determine CYP2D6 and CYP2C19 gene variants. 	 METHODS
Plasma levels of tamoxifen and its metabolites were quantified by high-performance liquid chromatography. 	 METHODS
The CYP2D6 phenotype was extensive metabolizer in 80%, intermediate metabolizer in 12.2%, ultra-rapid metabolizer in 2.2%, and poor metabolizer in 5.6% of patients, and the allele frequency was 35.0% for allele (*)1, 21.0% for *2, and 18.9% for *4. 	 RESULTS
All poor metabolizers in this series were *4/*4, and their endoxifen and 4-hydroxy tamoxifen levels were 25% lower than those of extensive metabolizers. 	 RESULTS
CYP2C19*2 allele, which has been related to breast cancer outcomes, was detected in 15.6% of the studied alleles. 	 RESULTS
CYP2D6*4/*4 genotype was inversely associated with 4-hydroxy tamoxifen and endoxifen levels. 	 CONCLUSION
According to these results, CYP2D6 and CYP2C19 genotyping appears advisable before the prescription of tamoxifen therapy. 	 CONCLUSION
The World Health Organization (WHO) released revised guidelines in 2015 recommending that all people living with HIV, regardless of CD4 count, initiate antiretroviral therapy (ART) upon diagnosis. 	 BACKGROUND
However, few studies have projected the global resources needed for rapid scale-up of ART. 	 BACKGROUND
Under the Health Policy Project, we conducted modeling analyses for 97 countries to estimate eligibility for and numbers on ART from 2015 to 2020, along with the facility-level financial resources required. 	 BACKGROUND
We compared the estimated financial requirements to estimated funding available. 	 BACKGROUND
Current coverage levels and future need for treatment were based on country-specific epidemiological and demographic data. 	 METHODS
Simulated annual numbers of individuals on treatment were derived from three scenarios: (1) continuation of countries' current policies of eligibility for ART, (2) universal adoption of aspects of the WHO 2013 eligibility guidelines, and (3) expanded eligibility as per the WHO 2015 guidelines and meeting the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS "90-90-90" ART targets. 	 METHODS
We modeled uncertainty in the annual resource requirements for antiretroviral drugs, laboratory tests, and facility-level personnel and overhead. 	 RESULTS
We estimate that 25.7 (95% CI 25.5, 26.0) million adults and 1.57 (95% CI 1.55, 1.60) million children could receive ART by 2020 if countries maintain current eligibility plans and increase coverage based on historical rates, which may be ambitious. 	 RESULTS
If countries uniformly adopt aspects of the WHO 2013 guidelines, 26.5 (95% CI 26.0 27.0) million adults and 1.53 (95% CI 1.52, 1.55) million children could be on ART by 2020. 	 RESULTS
Under the 90-90-90 scenario, 30.4 (95% CI 30.1, 30.7) million adults and 1.68 (95% CI 1.63, 1.73) million children could receive treatment by 2020. 	 RESULTS
The facility-level financial resources needed for scaling up ART in these countries from 2015 to 2020 are estimated to be US$45.8 (95% CI 45.4, 46.2) billion under the current scenario, US$48.7 (95% CI 47.8, 49.6) billion under the WHO 2013 scenario, and US$52.5 (95% CI 51.4, 53.6) billion under the 90-90-90 scenario. 	 RESULTS
After projecting recent external and domestic funding trends, the estimated 6-y financing gap ranges from US$19.8 billion to US$25.0 billion, depending on the costing scenario and the U.S. President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief contribution level, with the gap for ART commodities alone ranging from US$14.0 to US$16.8 billion. 	 RESULTS
The study is limited by excluding above-facility and other costs essential to ART service delivery and by the availability and quality of country- and region-specific data. 	 RESULTS
The projected number of people receiving ART across three scenarios suggests that countries are unlikely to meet the 90-90-90 treatment target (81% of people living with HIV on ART by 2020) unless they adopt a test-and-offer approach and increase ART coverage. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Our results suggest that future resource needs for ART scale-up are smaller than stated elsewhere but still significantly threaten the sustainability of the global HIV response without additional resource mobilization from domestic or innovative financing sources or efficiency gains. 	 CONCLUSIONS
As the world moves towards adopting the WHO 2015 guidelines, advances in technology, including the introduction of lower-cost, highly effective antiretroviral regimens, whose value are assessed here, may prove to be "game changers" that allow more people to be on ART with the resources available. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Despite recognition of the important influence of environmental determinants on physical activity patterns, minimal empirical research has been done to assess the impact of environmental/contextual determinants of physical activity. 	 OBJECTIVES
This article aims to investigate environmental and sociodemographic determinants of physical activity and inactivity patterns among subpopulations of US adolescents. 	 OBJECTIVES
We define environmental determinants as modifiable factors in the physical environment that impose a direct influence on the opportunity to engage in physical activity. 	 OBJECTIVES
The present research examines environmental and sociodemographic determinants of physical activity and inactivity with the implication that these findings can point toward societal-level intervention strategies for increasing physical activity and decreasing inactivity among adolescents. 	 OBJECTIVES
The study population consists of nationally representative data from the 1996 National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health on 17 766 US adolescents enrolled in US middle and high schools (including 3933 non-Hispanic blacks, 3148 Hispanics, and 1337 Asians). 	 STUDY DESIGN AND METHODOLOGY
Hours/week of inactivity (TV/video viewing and video/computer games) and times/week of moderate to vigorous physical activity were collected by questionnaire. 	 STUDY DESIGN AND METHODOLOGY
Outcome variables were moderate to vigorous physical activity and inactivity, which were broken into categories (physical activity: 0-2 times/week, 3-4 times/week, and >/=5 times/week; inactivity: 0-10 hours/week, 11-24 hours/week, and >/=25 hours/week). 	 STUDY DESIGN AND METHODOLOGY
Sociodemographic and environmental correlates of physical activity and inactivity were used as exposure and control variables and included sex, age, urban residence, participation in school physical education program, use of community recreation center, total reported incidents of serious crime in neighborhood, socioeconomic status, ethnicity, generation of residence in the United States, presence of mother/father in household, pregnancy status, work status, in-school status, region, and month of interview. 	 STUDY DESIGN AND METHODOLOGY
Logistic regression models of high versus low and medium physical activity and inactivity were used to investigate sex and ethnic interactions in relation to environmental and sociodemographic factors to examine evidence for the potential impact of physical education and recreation programs and sociodemographic factors on physical activity and inactivity patterns. 	 STUDY DESIGN AND METHODOLOGY
Moderate to vigorous physical activity was lower and inactivity higher for non-Hispanic black and Hispanic adolescents. 	 RESULTS
Participation in school physical education programs was considerably low for these adolescents and decreased with age. 	 RESULTS
Participation in daily school physical education (PE) program classes (adjusted odds ratio [AOR]: 2.21; confidence interval [CI]: 1.82-2.68) and use of a community recreation center (AOR: 1.75; CI: 1.56-1.96) were associated with an increased likelihood of engaging in high level moderate to vigorous physical activity. 	 RESULTS
Maternal education was inversely associated with high inactivity patterns; for example, having a mother with a graduate or professional degree was associated with an AOR of.61 (CI:.48-.76) for high inactivity. 	 RESULTS
High family income was associated with increased moderate to vigorous physical activity (AOR: 1.43; CI: 1.22-1.67) and decreased inactivity (AOR:.70; CI:.59-.82). 	 RESULTS
High neighborhood serious crime level was associated with a decreased likelihood of falling in the highest category of moderate to vigorous physical activity (AOR:.77; CI:.66-.91). 	 RESULTS
These results show important associations between modifiable environmental factors, such as participation in school PE and community recreation programs, with activity patterns of adolescents. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Despite the marked and significant impact of participation in school PE programs on physical activity patterns of US adolescents, few adolescents participated in such school PE programs; only 21.3% of all adolescents 	 CONCLUSIONS
In 2002, an estimated 877,000 lives were lost worldwide through suicide. 	 CONTEXT
Some developed nations have implemented national suicide prevention plans. 	 CONTEXT
Although these plans generally propose multiple interventions, their effectiveness is rarely evaluated. 	 CONTEXT
To examine evidence for the effectiveness of specific suicide-preventive interventions and to make recommendations for future prevention programs and research. 	 OBJECTIVES
Relevant publications were identified via electronic searches of MEDLINE, the Cochrane Library, and PsychINFO databases using multiple search terms related to suicide prevention. 	 DATA SOURCES AND STUDY SELECTION
Studies, published between 1966 and June 2005, included those that evaluated preventative interventions in major domains; education and awareness for the general public and for professionals; screening tools for at-risk individuals; treatment of psychiatric disorders; restricting access to lethal means; and responsible media reporting of suicide. 	 DATA SOURCES AND STUDY SELECTION
Data were extracted on primary outcomes of interest: suicidal behavior (completion, attempt, ideation), intermediary or secondary outcomes (treatment seeking, identification of at-risk individuals, antidepressant prescription/use rates, referrals), or both. 	 DATA EXTRACTION
Experts from 15 countries reviewed all studies. 	 DATA EXTRACTION
Included articles were those that reported on completed and attempted suicide and suicidal ideation; or, where applicable, intermediate outcomes, including help-seeking behavior, identification of at-risk individuals, entry into treatment, and antidepressant prescription rates. 	 DATA EXTRACTION
We included 3 major types of studies for which the research question was clearly defined: systematic reviews and meta-analyses (n = 10); quantitative studies, either randomized controlled trials (n = 18) or cohort studies (n = 24); and ecological, or population- based studies (n = 41). 	 DATA EXTRACTION
Heterogeneity of study populations and methodology did not permit formal meta-analysis; thus, a narrative synthesis is presented. 	 DATA EXTRACTION
Education of physicians and restricting access to lethal means were found to prevent suicide. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
Other methods including public education, screening programs, and media education need more testing. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
Physician education in depression recognition and treatment and restricting access to lethal methods reduce suicide rates. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Other interventions need more evidence of efficacy. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Ascertaining which components of suicide prevention programs are effective in reducing rates of suicide and suicide attempt is essential in order to optimize use of limited resources. 	 CONCLUSIONS
RNA-Seq is revolutionizing the way transcript abundances are measured. 	 BACKGROUND
A key challenge in transcript quantification from RNA-Seq data is the handling of reads that map to multiple genes or isoforms. 	 BACKGROUND
This issue is particularly important for quantification with de novo transcriptome assemblies in the absence of sequenced genomes, as it is difficult to determine which transcripts are isoforms of the same gene. 	 BACKGROUND
A second significant issue is the design of RNA-Seq experiments, in terms of the number of reads, read length, and whether reads come from one or both ends of cDNA fragments. 	 BACKGROUND
We present RSEM, an user-friendly software package for quantifying gene and isoform abundances from single-end or paired-end RNA-Seq data. 	 RESULTS
outputs abundance estimates, 95% credibility intervals, and visualization files and can also simulate RNA-Seq data. 	 RSEM
In contrast to other existing tools, the software does not require a reference genome. 	 RSEM
Thus, in combination with a de novo transcriptome assembler, RSEM enables accurate transcript quantification for species without sequenced genomes. 	 RSEM
On simulated and real data sets, RSEM has superior or comparable performance to quantification methods that rely on a reference genome. 	 RSEM
Taking advantage of RSEM's ability to effectively use ambiguously-mapping reads, we show that accurate gene-level abundance estimates are best obtained with large numbers of short single-end reads. 	 RSEM
On the other hand, estimates of the relative frequencies of isoforms within single genes may be improved through the use of paired-end reads, depending on the number of possible splice forms for each gene. 	 RSEM
is an accurate and user-friendly software tool for quantifying transcript abundances from RNA-Seq data. 	 CONCLUSIONS RSEM
As it does not rely on the existence of a reference genome, it is particularly useful for quantification with de novo transcriptome assemblies. 	 CONCLUSIONS RSEM
In addition, RSEM has enabled valuable guidance for cost-efficient design of quantification experiments with RNA-Seq, which is currently relatively expensive. 	 CONCLUSIONS RSEM
In patients with acute myeloid leukemia (AML), the presence or absence of recurrent cytogenetic aberrations is used to identify the appropriate therapy. 	 BACKGROUND
However, the current classification system does not fully reflect the molecular heterogeneity of the disease, and treatment stratification is difficult, especially for patients with intermediate-risk AML with a normal karyotype. 	 BACKGROUND
We used complementary-DNA microarrays to determine the levels of gene expression in peripheral-blood samples or bone marrow samples from 116 adults with AML (including 45 with a normal karyotype). 	 METHODS
We used unsupervised hierarchical clustering analysis to identify molecular subgroups with distinct gene-expression signatures. 	 METHODS
Using a training set of samples from 59 patients, we applied a novel supervised learning algorithm to devise a gene-expression-based clinical-outcome predictor, which we then tested using an independent validation group comprising the 57 remaining patients. 	 METHODS
Unsupervised analysis identified new molecular subtypes of AML, including two prognostically relevant subgroups in AML with a normal karyotype. 	 RESULTS
Using the supervised learning algorithm, we constructed an optimal 133-gene clinical-outcome predictor, which accurately predicted overall survival among patients in the independent validation group (P=0.006), including the subgroup of patients with AML with a normal karyotype (P=0.046). 	 RESULTS
In multivariate analysis, the gene-expression predictor was a strong independent prognostic factor (odds ratio, 8.8; 95 percent confidence interval, 2.6 to 29.3; P<0.001). 	 RESULTS
The use of gene-expression profiling improves the molecular classification of adult AML. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The cardinal indication for surgical treatment of gallstones is pain attacks. 	 OBJECTIVE
However, following cholecystectomy, 20% of patients remain symptomatic. 	 OBJECTIVE
It is unclear to what extent post-cholecystectomy symptoms can be ascribed to persistence of preoperative symptoms or to new pathology. 	 OBJECTIVE
The pain and digestive pattern in gallstone patients has not been defined in a recent setting with ultrasonography as the diagnostic method. 	 OBJECTIVE
The aim of this study was to characterize a pain pattern that is typical for gallstone disease and to describe the extent of associated dyspepsia. 	 OBJECTIVE
A total of 220 patients with symptomatic gallstone disease including complicated disease (acute cholecystitis and common bile duct stones) were interviewed using detailed questionnaires to disclose pain patterns and symptoms of indigestion. 	 MATERIAL AND METHODS
All patients had pain in the right upper quadrant (RUQ) including the upper midline epigastrium. 	 RESULTS
The pain was localized to the right subcostal area in 20% and to the upper epigastrium in 14%, and in the rest (66%) it was more evenly distributed. 	 RESULTS
An area of maximal pain could be defined in 90%. 	 RESULTS
Maximal pain was located under the costal arch in 51% of patients and in the epigastrium in 41%, but in 3% behind the sternum and in 5% in the back. 	 RESULTS
The pain was referred to the back in 63% of the patients. 	 RESULTS
The mean visual analogue scale (VAS) score was very high: 90 mm on a 0-100 scale. 	 RESULTS
A pattern of incipient or low-grade warning pain with a subsequent relatively steady state until subsiding in the same fashion was present in 90% of the patients. 	 RESULTS
An urge to walk around was experienced by 71%. 	 RESULTS
Pain attacks usually occurred in the late evening or at night (77%), with 85% of the attacks lasting for more than one hour and almost never less than half an hour. 	 RESULTS
Sixty-six percent of the patients were intolerant to at least one kind of food, but only 48% to fatty foods. 	 RESULTS
Symptoms of functional indigestion (gastroesophageal reflux, dyspepsia or irritable bowel symptoms) were seen in the vast majority in association with attacks. 	 RESULTS
Gallstone-associated pain follows a certain pattern in the majority of patients. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The pain is located in a defined area with a point of maximum intensity, is usually referred, and occurs mainly at night with duration of more than one hour. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The majority of patients experience functional indigestion, mainly of the reflux type or dyspepsia. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Population surveys indicate that physical activity levels are low in the United States. 	 CONTEXT
One consequence of inactivity, low cardiorespiratory fitness, is an established risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD) morbidity and mortality, but the prevalence of cardiorespiratory fitness has not been quantified in representative US population samples. 	 CONTEXT
To describe the prevalence of low fitness in the US population aged 12 through 49 years and to relate low fitness to CVD risk factors in this population. 	 OBJECTIVES
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Inception cohort study using data from the cross-sectional nationally representative National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999-2002. 	 OBJECTIVES
Participants were adolescents (aged 12-19 years; n = 3110) and adults (aged 20-49 years; n = 2205) free from previously diagnosed CVD who underwent submaximal graded exercise treadmill testing to achieve at least 75% to 90% of their age-predicted maximum heart rate. 	 OBJECTIVES
Maximal oxygen consumption (VO2max) was estimated by measuring the heart rate response to reference levels of submaximal work. 	 OBJECTIVES
Low fitness defined using percentile cut points of estimated VO2max from existing external referent populations; anthropometric and other CVD risk factors measured according to standard methods. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Low fitness was identified in 33.6% of adolescents (approximately 7.5 million US adolescents) and 13.9% of adults (approximately 8.5 million US adults); the prevalence was similar in adolescent females (34.4%) and males (32.9%) (P = .40) but was higher in adult females (16.2%) than in males (11.8%) (P = .03). 	 RESULTS
Non-Hispanic blacks and Mexican Americans were less fit than non-Hispanic whites. 	 RESULTS
In all age-sex groups, body mass index and waist circumference were inversely associated with fitness; age- and race-adjusted odds ratios of overweight or obesity (body mass index > or =25) ranged from 2.1 to 3.7 (P<.01 for all), comparing persons with low fitness with those with moderate or high fitness. 	 RESULTS
Total cholesterol levels and systolic blood pressure were higher and levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol were lower among participants with low vs high fitness. 	 RESULTS
Low fitness in adolescents and adults is common in the US population and is associated with an increased prevalence of CVD risk factors. 	 CONCLUSION
Molecularly targeted agents have been reported to have anti-tumour activity for patients whose tumours harbour the matching molecular alteration. 	 BACKGROUND
These results have led to increased off-label use of molecularly targeted agents on the basis of identified molecular alterations. 	 BACKGROUND
We assessed the efficacy of several molecularly targeted agents marketed in France, which were chosen on the basis of tumour molecular profiling but used outside their indications, in patients with advanced cancer for whom standard-of-care therapy had failed. 	 BACKGROUND
The open-label, randomised, controlled phase 2 SHIVA trial was done at eight French academic centres. 	 METHODS
We included adult patients with any kind of metastatic solid tumour refractory to standard of care, provided they had an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status of 0 or 1, disease that was accessible for a biopsy or resection of a metastatic site, and at least one measurable lesion. 	 METHODS
The molecular profile of each patient's tumour was established with a mandatory biopsy of a metastatic tumour and large-scale genomic testing. 	 METHODS
We only included patients for whom a molecular alteration was identified within one of three molecular pathways (hormone receptor, PI3K/AKT/mTOR, RAF/MEK), which could be matched to one of ten regimens including 11 available molecularly targeted agents (erlotinib, lapatinib plus trastuzumab, sorafenib, imatinib, dasatinib, vemurafenib, everolimus, abiraterone, letrozole, tamoxifen). 	 METHODS
We randomly assigned these patients (1:1) to receive a matched molecularly targeted agent (experimental group) or treatment at physician's choice (control group) by central block randomisation (blocks of size six). 	 METHODS
Randomisation was done centrally with a web-based response system and was stratified according to the Royal Marsden Hospital prognostic score (0 or 1 vs 2 or 3) and the altered molecular pathway. 	 METHODS
Clinicians and patients were not masked to treatment allocation. 	 METHODS
Treatments in both groups were given in accordance with the approved product information and standard practice protocols at each institution and were continued until evidence of disease progression. 	 METHODS
The primary endpoint was progression-free survival in the intention-to-treat population, which was not assessed by independent central review. 	 METHODS
We assessed safety in any patients who received at least one dose of their assigned treatment. 	 METHODS
This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT01771458. 	 METHODS
Between Oct 4, 2012, and July 11, 2014, we screened 741 patients with any tumour type. 	 FINDINGS
293 (40%) patients had at least one molecular alteration matching one of the 10 available regimens. 	 FINDINGS
At the time of data cutoff, Jan 20, 2015, 195 (26%) patients had been randomly assigned, with 99 in the experimental group and 96 in the control group. 	 FINDINGS
All patients in the experimental group started treatment, as did 92 in the control group. 	 FINDINGS
Two patients in the control group received a molecularly targeted agent: both were included in their assigned group for efficacy analyses, the patient who received an agent that was allowed in the experimental group was included in the experimental group for the purposes of safety analyses, while the other patient, who received a molecularly targeted agent and chemotherapy, was kept in the control group for safety analyses. 	 FINDINGS
Median follow-up was 11·3 months (IQR 5·8-11·6) in the experimental group and 11·3 months (8·1-11·6) in the control group at the time of the primary analysis of progression-free survival. 	 FINDINGS
Median progression-free survival was 2·3 months (95% CI 1·7-3·8) in the experimental group versus 2·0 months (1·8-2·1) in the control group (hazard ratio 0·88, 95% CI 0·65-1·19, p=0·41). 	 FINDINGS
In the safety population, 43 (43%) of 100 patients treated with a molecularly targeted agent and 32 (35%) of 91 patients treated with cytotoxic chemotherapy had grade 3-4 adverse events (p=0·30). 	 FINDINGS
The use of molecularly targeted agents outside their indications does not improve progression-free survival compared with treatment at physician's choice in heavily pretreated patients with cancer. 	 INTERPRETATION
Off-label use of molecularly targeted agents should be discouraged, but enrolment in clinical trials should be encouraged to assess predictive biomarkers of efficacy. 	 INTERPRETATION
Polar bears (Ursus maritimus) are among those species most susceptible to the rapidly changing arctic climate, and their survival is of global concern. 	 BACKGROUND
Despite this, little is known about polar bear species history. 	 BACKGROUND
Future conservation strategies would significantly benefit from an understanding of basic evolutionary information, such as the timing and conditions of their initial divergence from brown bears (U. arctos) or their response to previous environmental change. 	 BACKGROUND
We used a spatially explicit phylogeographic model to estimate the dynamics of 242 brown bear and polar bear matrilines sampled throughout the last 120,000 years and across their present and past geographic ranges. 	 RESULTS
Our results show that the present distribution of these matrilines was shaped by a combination of regional stability and rapid, long-distance dispersal from ice-age refugia. 	 RESULTS
In addition, hybridization between polar bears and brown bears may have occurred multiple times throughout the Late Pleistocene. 	 RESULTS
The reconstructed matrilineal history of brown and polar bears has two striking features. 	 CONCLUSIONS
First, it is punctuated by dramatic and discrete climate-driven dispersal events. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Second, opportunistic mating between these two species as their ranges overlapped has left a strong genetic imprint. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In particular, a likely genetic exchange with extinct Irish brown bears forms the origin of the modern polar bear matriline. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This suggests that interspecific hybridization not only may be more common than previously considered but may be a mechanism by which species deal with marginal habitats during periods of environmental deterioration. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Although acute hypoglycemia may be associated with cognitive impairment in children with type 1 diabetes, no studies to date have evaluated whether hypoglycemia is a risk factor for dementia in older patients with type 2 diabetes. 	 CONTEXT
To determine if hypoglycemic episodes severe enough to require hospitalization are associated with an increased risk of dementia in a population of older patients with type 2 diabetes followed up for 27 years. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PATIENTS A longitudinal cohort study from 1980-2007 of 16,667 patients with a mean age of 65 years and type 2 diabetes who are members of an integrated health care delivery system in northern California. 	 OBJECTIVE
Hypoglycemic events from 1980-2002 were collected and reviewed using hospital discharge and emergency department diagnoses. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
Cohort members with no prior diagnoses of dementia, mild cognitive impairment, or general memory complaints as of January 1, 2003, were followed up for a dementia diagnosis through January 15, 2007. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
Dementia risk was examined using Cox proportional hazard regression models, adjusted for age, sex, race/ethnicity, education, body mass index, duration of diabetes, 7-year mean glycated hemoglobin, diabetes treatment, duration of insulin use, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, stroke, transient cerebral ischemia, and end-stage renal disease. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
At least 1 episode of hypoglycemia was diagnosed in 1465 patients (8.8%) and dementia was diagnosed in 1822 patients (11%) during follow-up; 250 patients had both dementia and at least 1 episode of hypoglycemia (16.95%). 	 RESULTS
Compared with patients with no hypoglycemia, patients with single or multiple episodes had a graded increase in risk with fully adjusted hazard ratios (HRs): for 1 episode (HR, 1.26; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.10-1.49); 2 episodes (HR, 1.80; 95% CI, 1.37-2.36); and 3 or more episodes (HR, 1.94; 95% CI, 1.42-2.64). 	 RESULTS
The attributable risk of dementia between individuals with and without a history of hypoglycemia was 2.39% per year (95% CI, 1.72%-3.01%). 	 RESULTS
Results were not attenuated when medical utilization rates, length of health plan membership, or time since initial diabetes diagnosis were added to the model. 	 RESULTS
When examining emergency department admissions for hypoglycemia for association with risk of dementia (535 episodes), results were similar (compared with patients with 0 episodes) with fully adjusted HRs: for 1 episode (HR, 1.42; 95% CI, 1.12-1.78) and for 2 or more episodes (HR, 2.36; 95% CI, 1.57-3.55). 	 RESULTS
Among older patients with type 2 diabetes, a history of severe hypoglycemic episodes was associated with a greater risk of dementia. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Whether minor hypoglycemic episodes increase risk of dementia is unknown. 	 CONCLUSIONS
OF REVIEW The availability of a growing number of immunomodulatory medications over the past few years has been associated with various JC virus (JCV)-associated brain syndromes in patients with autoimmune diseases, including multiple sclerosis, Crohn's disease, and psoriasis that had not been previously recognized as predisposing factors for progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy. 	 PURPOSE
This review covers the three novel syndromes discovered in the last decade that are caused by JCV infection of neurons and meningeal cells. 	 PURPOSE
For more than 30 years, JCV was thought to exclusively infect oligodendrocytes and astrocytes in the white matter of the brain of immunosuppressed individuals. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
We now recognize that JCV-infected glial cells are frequently located at the gray-white matter junction or exclusively within the gray matter causing demyelination in the cortex. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
Mutations in JCV can trigger a change in tropism leading to involvement of other cell types, such as neurons and meningeal cells, causing clinically distinct entities. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
These new features of JCV infection provide challenges for clinicians taking care of affected patients and investigators studying the biology of this polyomavirus, its pathogenesis, and tropism. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
We hope that increasing awareness of these syndromes will lead to early diagnosis, and pave the way for new avenues of research to better understand all aspects of JCV pathogenesis and develop efficient therapies for our patients. 	 SUMMARY
However, we need to remain vigilant and open to the possibility that additional JC variants or yet unknown polyomaviruses may also be associated with neurological diseases. 	 SUMMARY
The PI3 kinase signalling pathway is now accepted as being at least as important as the ras-MAP kinase pathway in cell survival and proliferation, and hence its potential role in cancer is of great interest. 	 AIMS AND BACKGROUND
The purpose of this review is briefly to examine evidence for an involvement of PI3K in human cancers, discuss the mechanisms by which its activation promotes tumor progression, and consider its utility as a novel target for anticancer therapy. 	 AIMS AND BACKGROUND
A Medline review of recent literature concerning the role of PI3 kinase in tumor progression--mechanisms of action and clinical implications. 	 METHODS AND STUDY DESIGN
Evidence is presented that misregulation of the PI3 kinase pathway is a feature of many common cancers, either by loss of the suppressor protein PTEN, or by constitutive activation of PI3 kinase isoforms or downstream elements such as AKT and mTOR. 	 RESULTS
This activation potentiates not only cell survival and proliferation, but also cytoskeletal deformability and motility; key elements in tumor invasion. 	 RESULTS
In addition the PI3K pathway is implicated in many aspects of angiogenesis, including upregulation of angiogenic cytokines due to tumor hypoxia or oncogene activation and endothelial cell responses to them. 	 RESULTS
These cytokines signal though receptors such as VEGF-R, FGF-R and Tie-2 and potentiate processes essential for neoangiogenesis including cell proliferation, migration, differentiation into tubules and "invasion" of these capillary sprouts into extracellular matrix (ECM). 	 RESULTS
A more complete understanding of the role of the PI3 kinase pathway in cancer will lead the way to the development of more potent and selective inhibitors which should be a useful adjunct to conventional therapies, potentially interfering with tumor progression at several pivotal points; in particular cell survival, invasion and angiogenesis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Recent genome-wide association studies (GWAS) have mapped several novel loci influencing blood lipid levels in Caucasians. 	 BACKGROUND
We sought to explore whether the genetic variants at newly identified lipid-associated loci were associated with CHD susceptibility in a Chinese Han population. 	 BACKGROUND
METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS We conducted a two-stage case-control study in a Chinese Han population. 	 BACKGROUND
The first-stage, consisting of 1,376 CHD cases and 1,376 sex and age- frequency matched controls, examined 5 novel lipid-associated single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) identified from GWAS among Caucasians in relation to CHD risk in Chinese. 	 BACKGROUND
We then validated significant SNPs in the second-stage, consisting of 1,269 cases and 2,745 controls. 	 BACKGROUND
We also tested associations between SNPs within the five novel loci and blood lipid levels in 4,121 controls. 	 BACKGROUND
We identified two novel SNPs (rs599839 in CELSR2-PSRC1-SORT1 and rs16996148 in NCAN-CILP2) that were significantly associated with reduced CHD risk in Chinese (odds ratios (95% confidence intervals) in the dominant model 0.76 (0.61-0.90; P = 0.001), 0.67 (0.57-0.77; P = 3.4×10(-8)), respectively). 	 BACKGROUND
Multiple linear regression analyses using dominant model showed that rs599839 was significantly associated with decreased LDL levels (P = 0.022) and rs16996148 was significantly associated with increased LDL and HDL levels (P = 2.9×10(-4) and 0.001, respectively). 	 BACKGROUND
CONCLUSIONS/SIGNIFICANCE We identified two novel SNPs (rs599839 and rs16996148) at newly identified lipid-associated loci that were significantly associated with CHD susceptibility in a Chinese Han population. 	 BACKGROUND
IAs are found in 2.3% of adults; the mean age at detection is 52 years. 	 BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE
Prevalence is <0.5% in young adults. 	 BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE
Early studies suggest that 10%-50% of patients with aortic coarctation have IAs. 	 BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE
Screening recommendations are variable. 	 BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE
We sought to examine the prevalence of IAs through screening with MRA. 	 BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE
Consecutive patients older than 16 years of age with coarctation undergoing brain MRA between May 1999 and October 2007 were included. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
was performed by using a 1.5T scanner with a 3D time-of-flight protocol; simultaneous MR imaging was performed of the heart and aorta. 	 MRA
Cerebral MRAs were double-reported by a neuroradiologist. 	 MRA
Statistics are described as mean ± SD and median ± range. 	 MRA
Continuous variables were compared by using Student t tests and Mann-Whitney U tests (categoric variables, by using the Fisher exact test). 	 MRA
One hundred seventeen MRAs were double-reported. 	 RESULTS
The median age was 29 ± 11 years (range, 16-59 years). 	 RESULTS
IAs were found in 12 patients (10.3%). 	 RESULTS
The mean diameter of IAs was 3.9 mm (range, 2.0-8.0 mm). 	 RESULTS
Patients with aneurysms were older (median, 37 years; range, 16-50 years) than those without (median, 23 years; range, 16-59 years; Z = -2.01, P = .04). 	 RESULTS
Hypertension was more common in those with IAs (IA 83% versus no IA 43%, P = .01). 	 RESULTS
There was no association between ascending aortopathy, bicuspid aortic valves, and IAs. 	 RESULTS
Patients with coarctation have a higher prevalence of IAs, occurring at an earlier age than in population studies. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Whether routine screening is appropriate for this group of patients is unclear. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Hypertension is likely to be an important pathophysiologic factor. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Hypoproteinemia, fluid retention, and weight gain are associated with development of acute lung injury and mortality in critically ill patients, without proof of cause and effect. 	 OBJECTIVE
We designed a clinical trial to determine whether diuresis and colloid replacement in hypoproteinemic patients with acute lung injury would improve pulmonary physiology. 	 OBJECTIVE
Prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. 	 DESIGN
All adult intensive care units from two university hospitals. 	 SETTING
Thirty-seven mechanically-ventilated patients with acute lung injury and serum total protein </=5.0 g/dL.   INTERVENTIONS Five-day protocolized regimen of 25 g of human serum albumin every 8 hrs with continuous infusion furosemide, or dual placebo, targeted to diuresis, weight loss, and serum total protein. 	 PATIENTS
Measured outcomes included change in weight, serum total protein, fluid balance, hemodynamics, respiratory system compliance, and oxygenation. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
Baseline characteristics were similar between groups (treatment, n = 19; control, n = 18), with trauma being the major cause of acute lung injury. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
Diuresis and weight loss over 5 days (5.3 kg more in the treatment group, p =.04) was accompanied by improvements in the Pao2/Fio2 ratio in the treatment group within 24 hrs (from 171 to 236, p =.02). 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
Respiratory mechanics were unchanged. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
Mean arterial pressure increased from 80 to 88 mm Hg (p =.10), and heart rate decreased from 110 to 95 beats/min (p =.008) over time in the treatment group. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
No difference in mortality was observed, with favorable trends in measures of intensive care. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
Albumin and furosemide therapy improves fluid balance, oxygenation, and hemodynamics in hypoproteinemic patients with acute lung injury. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Determining the effect of this simple therapy on cost, outcomes, and other patient populations requires further study. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This study was designed to determine if women are more likely than men to have heart failure (HF) with preserved systolic function after adjustment for potential confounders, including age. 	 OBJECTIVES
Although prior evidence suggests an independent association between female gender and preserved left ventricular systolic function (LVSF) in patients with HF, existing studies are limited by referral biases, small sample sizes, or the inability to adjust for a wide range of potential confounding variables. 	 BACKGROUND
This is a cross-sectional study using data from retrospective medical chart abstraction of a national sample of Medicare beneficiaries hospitalized with the principal discharge diagnosis of HF in acute-care nongovernmental hospitals in the U.S. between April 1998 and March 1999. 	 METHODS
Patients were eligible for this analysis if they were age 65 years or older, had documentation of LVSF, and corroboration of the diagnosis of HF. 	 METHODS
We used multivariable logistic regression to identify the correlates of preserved LVSF, which was defined as qualitatively normal function or quantitatively reported ejection fraction > or =0.50. 	 METHODS
Stratified regressions by gender were performed to identify significant interactions. 	 METHODS
Of the 19,710 patients in the analysis, preserved LVSF was present in 6,700 (35%), 79% of whom were women. 	 RESULTS
In contrast, among the 12,956 patients with impaired LVSF, only 49% were women. 	 RESULTS
Patients with preserved LVSF were 1.5 years older than those with impaired LVSF. 	 RESULTS
After adjustment for age and other patient factors, female gender remained strongly associated with preserved LVSF (calculated risk ratio = 1.71; 95% confidence interval 1.63 to 1.78). 	 RESULTS
The association was consistent in all age groups, and was similar in patients with or without coronary artery disease, hypertension, pulmonary disease, renal insufficiency, or atrial fibrillation. 	 RESULTS
In elderly patients hospitalized with HF, preserved systolic function is primarily a condition of women, independent of important demographic and clinical characteristics. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The aim of this study was to update reference data of handgrip strength for healthy adults of both genders spanning a wide age range and to analyze possible factors of influence. 	 PURPOSE
Intraindividual and interindividual variations of grip strength and their relation to several anthropometric factors were analyzed in a standardized manner for 769 healthy adults (women, n = 403; men, n = 366) aged between 20 years and 95 years. 	 METHODS
Measurements were done in neutral position of arm, forearm, and wrist on setting II of a Baseline digital hydraulic dynamometer (NexGen Ergonomics Inc. Quebec, Canada). 	 METHODS
Mean strength was about 41% less in women (right 29 kg; left 27 kg) than in men (right 49 kg; left 47 kg) resulting in a ratio of left to right hand slightly above .95 in both genders. 	 RESULTS
During the course of life, hand strength develops comparably in both genders peaking at 35 years of age and decreasing continuously further on. 	 RESULTS
Anthropometric variables such as forearm circumference and length, hand size, or body mass showed a positive correlation with grip strength. 	 RESULTS
Body mass index, type of work, and hand dominance showed only a partial positive correlation or no correlation with grip strength. 	 RESULTS
Gender and age, followed by parameters representing body length and obesity, were observed to have the highest predictive value for handgrip strength and were therefore entered into the generation of prediction equations. 	 RESULTS
We recommend side adjustment of measured values for intraindividual comparison and inclusion of information regarding anthropometric characteristics, as well as using gender- and age-adjusted reference values, whereas hand dominance can be neglected. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The regression equations we generated might prove to be useful for clinicians or for those who use normative values within software to provide more accurate predictions of strength scores for specific applications. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Recent studies in septic patients showed that adverse effects of hydroxyethyl starches (HESs) possibly outweigh their benefits in severely impaired physiological haemostasis. 	 INTRODUCTION
It remains unclear whether this also applies to patient populations that are less vulnerable. 	 INTRODUCTION
In this meta-analysis, we evaluated the impact of various HES generations on safety and efficacy endpoints in patients undergoing cardiac surgery. 	 INTRODUCTION
We searched the PubMed, Embase and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials databases for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in the English or German language comparing the use of HES to any other colloid or crystalloid during open heart surgery. 	 METHODS
Blood loss and transfusion requirements were higher for older starches with mean molecular weights more than 200 kDa compared to other volume substitutes. 	 RESULTS
In contrast, this effect was not observed with latest-generation tetrastarches (130/0.4), which performed even better when compared to albumin (blood loss of tetrastarch versus albumin: standardised mean difference (SMD), -0.34; 95% CI, -0.63, -0.05; P = 0.02; versus gelatin: SMD, -0.06; 95% CI, -0.20, 0.08; P = 0.39; versus crystalloids: SMD, -0.05; 95% CI, -0.20, 0.10; P = 0.54). 	 RESULTS
Similar results were found for transfusion needs. 	 RESULTS
Lengths of stay in the intensive care unit or hospital were significantly shorter with tetrastarches compared to gelatin (intensive care unit: SMD, -0.10; 95% CI, -0.15, -0.05; P = 0.0002) and crystalloids (hospital: SMD, -0.52; 95% CI, -0.90, -0.14; P = 0.007). 	 RESULTS
In this meta-analysis of RCTs, we could not identify safety issues with tetrastarches compared with other colloid or crystalloid solutions in terms of blood loss, transfusion requirements or hospital length of stay in patients undergoing cardiac surgery. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The safety data on coagulation with older starches raise some issues that need to be addressed in future trials. 	 CONCLUSIONS
It is commonly written that more patients wish to die at home than currently achieve this. 	 BACKGROUND
However, the evidence for preferences for place of terminal care and death has not been systematically reviewed. 	 BACKGROUND
To carry out a systematic literature review of the preferences for place of care and death among advanced cancer patients. 	 AIM
Studies were identified using systematic database searches of MEDLINE (1966-1999), PsychLit (1974-1999), and Bath Information Data Service (BIDS) (1981-1999). 	 METHOD
Studies were assessed and data extracted and synthesises following the NHS Centre for Reviews and Dissemination guidelines, grading studies according to design and rigor of methods. 	 METHOD
Studies of preferences in the general population and of groups including cancer patients and/or their caregivers were included. 	 METHOD
Eighteen studies determining preferences in either the general population or groups including cancer patients were identified. 	 RESULTS
Views were obtained prospectively and retrospectively from patients, the general population, families, and professionals. 	 RESULTS
Respondents indicated preferences for home death (range 49%-100%), except one study of patients in the care of a continuing care team in London where only 25%-29% of patients wanted a home death, and inpatient hospice was the most favored option. 	 RESULTS
However, the response rate of this study was not known. 	 RESULTS
Among the general public there was a higher preference for inpatient hospice care among in people with recent experience of a close friend or relative's death or dying. 	 RESULTS
Where the views of patients, families, and professionals were compared, all respondents broadly agreed although patients expressed the strongest home preferences. 	 RESULTS
Only 2 of the studies provided longitudinal data, and 9 of the 18 had major deficits in design or reporting, such as poor or unknown response rate, unclear or unsystematic methods of eliciting preferences or other sample or measurement bias. 	 RESULTS
However, sensitivity analysis of only the more robust and larger studies did not alter the finding of a preference for home care at the end of life in over 50% of patients. 	 RESULTS
Home care is the most common preference, with inpatient hospice care as second preference in advanced illness. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Meeting these preferences could be important outcomes for services. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Study designs in this area need to be improved. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To assess the risks of amputation, blindness, severe kidney failure, hyperglycaemia, and hypoglycaemia in patients with type 2 diabetes associated with prescribed diabetes drugs, particularly newer agents including gliptins or glitazones (thiazolidinediones). 	 OBJECTIVE
Open cohort study in primary care. 	 DESIGN
1243 practices contributing data to the QResearch database in England. 	 SETTING
469,688 patients with type 2 diabetes aged 25-84 years between 1 April 2007 and 31 January 2015. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Hypoglycaemic agents (glitazones, gliptins, metformin, sulphonylureas, insulin, and other) alone and in combination. 	 EXPOSURES
First recorded diagnoses of amputation, blindness, severe kidney failure, hyperglycaemia, and hypoglycaemia recorded on patients' primary care, mortality, or hospital records. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Cox models estimated hazard ratios for diabetes treatments adjusting for potential confounders. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
21,308 (4.5%) and 32,533 (6.9%) patients received prescriptions for glitazones and gliptins during follow-up, respectively. 	 RESULTS
Compared with non-use, glitazones were associated with a decreased risk of blindness (adjusted hazard ratio 0.71, 95% confidence interval 0.57 to 0.89; rate 14.4 per 10,000 person years of exposure) and an increased risk of hypoglycaemia (1.22, 1.10 to 1.37; 65.1); gliptins were associated with a decreased risk of hypoglycaemia (0.86, 0.77 to 0.96; 45.8). 	 RESULTS
Although the numbers of patients prescribed gliptin monotherapy or glitazones monotherapy were relatively low, there were significantly increased risks of severe kidney failure compared with metformin monotherapy (adjusted hazard ratio 2.55, 95% confidence interval 1.13 to 5.74). 	 RESULTS
We found significantly lower risks of hyperglycaemia among patients prescribed dual therapy involving metformin with either gliptins (0.78, 0.62 to 0.97) or glitazones (0.60, 0.45 to 0.80) compared with metformin monotherapy. 	 RESULTS
Patients prescribed triple therapy with metformin, sulphonylureas, and either gliptins (adjusted hazard ratio 5.07, 95% confidence interval 4.28 to 6.00) or glitazones (6.32, 5.35 to 7.45) had significantly higher risks of hypoglycaemia than those prescribed metformin monotherapy, but these risks were similar to those involving dual therapy with metformin and sulphonylureas (6.03, 5.47 to 6.63). 	 RESULTS
Patients prescribed triple therapy with metformin, sulphonylureas, and glitazones had a significantly reduced risk of blindness compared with metformin monotherapy (0.67, 0.48 to 0.94). 	 RESULTS
We have found lower risks of hyperglycaemia among patients prescribed dual therapy involving metformin with either gliptins or glitazones compared with metformin alone. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Compared with metformin monotherapy, triple therapy with metformin, sulphonylureas, and either gliptins or glitazones was associated with an increased risk of hypoglycaemia, which was similar to the risk for dual therapy with metformin and sulphonylureas. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Compared with metformin monotherapy, triple therapy with metformin, sulphonylureas, and glitazones was associated with a reduced risk of blindness. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These results, while subject to residual confounding, could have implications for the prescribing of hypoglycaemic drugs. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To determine the effectiveness and cost effectiveness of using information from circulating biomarkers to inform the prioritisation process of patients with stable angina awaiting coronary artery bypass graft surgery. 	 OBJECTIVE
Decision analytical model comparing four prioritisation strategies without biomarkers (no formal prioritisation, two urgency scores, and a risk score) and three strategies based on a risk score using biomarkers: a routinely assessed biomarker (estimated glomerular filtration rate), a novel biomarker (C reactive protein), or both. 	 DESIGN
The order in which to perform coronary artery bypass grafting in a cohort of patients was determined by each prioritisation strategy, and mean lifetime costs and quality adjusted life years (QALYs) were compared. 	 DESIGN
Swedish Coronary Angiography and Angioplasty Registry (9935 patients with stable angina awaiting coronary artery bypass grafting and then followed up for cardiovascular events after the procedure for 3.8 years), and meta-analyses of prognostic effects (relative risks) of biomarkers. 	 DATA SOURCES
The observed risk of cardiovascular events while on the waiting list for coronary artery bypass grafting was 3 per 10,000 patients per day within the first 90 days (184 events in 9935 patients). 	 RESULTS
Using a cost effectiveness threshold of pound20,000- pound30,000 (euro22,000-euro33,000; $32,000-$48,000) per additional QALY, a prioritisation strategy using a risk score with estimated glomerular filtration rate was the most cost effective strategy (cost per additional QALY was < pound410 compared with the Ontario urgency score). 	 RESULTS
The impact on population health of implementing this strategy was 800 QALYs per 100,000 patients at an additional cost of pound 245,000 to the National Health Service. 	 RESULTS
The prioritisation strategy using a risk score with C reactive protein was associated with lower QALYs and higher costs compared with a risk score using estimated glomerular filtration rate. 	 RESULTS
Evaluating the cost effectiveness of prognostic biomarkers is important even when effects at an individual level are small. 	 CONCLUSION
Formal prioritisation of patients awaiting coronary artery bypass grafting using a routinely assessed biomarker (estimated glomerular filtration rate) along with simple, routinely collected clinical information was cost effective. 	 CONCLUSION
Prioritisation strategies based on the prognostic information conferred by C reactive protein, which is not currently measured in this context, or a combination of C reactive protein and estimated glomerular filtration rate, is unlikely to be cost effective. 	 CONCLUSION
The widespread practice of using only implicit or informal means of clinically ordering the waiting list may be harmful and should be replaced with formal prioritisation approaches. 	 CONCLUSION
Mutations in the FUS gene have been shown to be a rare cause of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS-FUS) and whilst well documented clinically and genetically there have been relatively few neuropathological studies. 	 INTRODUCTION
Recent work suggested a possible correlation between pathological features such as frequency of basophilic inclusions in neurons and rate of clinical decline, other studies have revealed a discrepancy between the upper motor neuron features detected clinically and the associated pathology. 	 INTRODUCTION
The purpose of this study was to describe the pathological features associated with more recently discovered FUS mutations and reinvestigate those with well recognised mutations in an attempt to correlate the pathology with mutation and/or clinical phenotype. 	 INTRODUCTION
The brains and spinal cords of seven cases of ALS-FUS were examined neuropathologically, including cases with the newly described p. 	 INTRODUCTION
K510E mutation and a case with both a known p. 	 INTRODUCTION
P525L mutation in the FUS gene and a truncating p. 	 INTRODUCTION
Y374X mutation in the TARDBP gene. 	 INTRODUCTION
The neuropathology in all cases revealed basophilic and FUS inclusions in the cord. 	 RESULTS
The density and type of inclusions varied markedly between cases, but did not allow a clear correlation with clinical progression. 	 RESULTS
Only one case showed significant motor cortical pathology despite the upper motor neuron clinical features being evident in 4 patients. 	 RESULTS
The case with both a FUS and TARDBP mutation revealed FUS positive inclusions but no TDP-43 pathology. 	 RESULTS
Instead there were unusual p62 positive, FUS negative neuronal and glial inclusions as well as dot-like neurites. 	 RESULTS
The study confirms cases of ALS-FUS to be mainly a lower motor neuron disease and to have pathology that does not appear to neatly correlate with clinical features or genetics. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Furthermore, the case with both a FUS and TARDBP mutation reveals an intriguing pathological profile which at least in part involves a very unusual staining pattern for the ubiquitin-binding protein p62. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To investigate the views of parents, clinicians, and children pertaining to prescribing decisions for acute childhood infection in primary care. 	 OBJECTIVES
A systematic review of qualitative studies. 	 METHODS
Meta-ethnographic methods were used, with data drawn from the primary studies in an interpretive analysis. 	 METHODS
A total of 15 studies met the inclusion criteria. 	 RESULTS
The literature was dominated by concerns about antibiotic over-prescription. 	 RESULTS
Children's views were not reported. 	 RESULTS
Clinicians prescribed antibiotics when they felt pressured by parents or others (e.g. employers) to do so, when they believed there was a clear clinical indication, but also when they felt uncertain of clinical or social outcomes they prescribed "just in case". 	 RESULTS
Parents wanted antibiotics when they felt they would improve the current illness, and when they felt pressure from daycare providers or employers. 	 RESULTS
Clinicians avoided antibiotics when they were concerned about adverse reactions or drug resistance, when certain they were not indicated, and when there was no perceived pressure from parents. 	 RESULTS
Parents also wished to avoid adverse effects of antibiotics, and did not want antibiotics when they would not relieve current symptoms. 	 RESULTS
Some parents preferred to avoid medication altogether. 	 RESULTS
Within paediatric consultations, parents sought a medical evaluation and decision. 	 RESULTS
Primary care clinicians want satisfied parents and short consultations. 	 RESULTS
Antibiotic prescriptions for childhood infections in primary care often result from "just in case" prescribing. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These findings suggest that interventions which reduce clinician uncertainty regarding social or clinical outcomes and provide strategies to meet parents' needs within a short consultation are most likely to reduce antibiotic prescribing. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To carry out a further survey of archived appendix samples to understand better the differences between existing estimates of the prevalence of subclinical infection with prions after the bovine spongiform encephalopathy epizootic and to see whether a broader birth cohort was affected, and to understand better the implications for the management of blood and blood products and for the handling of surgical instruments. 	 OBJECTIVES
Irreversibly unlinked and anonymised large scale survey of archived appendix samples. 	 DESIGN
Archived appendix samples from the pathology departments of 41 UK hospitals participating in the earlier survey, and additional hospitals in regions with lower levels of participation in that survey. 	 SETTING
32,441 archived appendix samples fixed in formalin and embedded in paraffin and tested for the presence of abnormal prion protein (PrP). 	 SAMPLE
Of the 32,441 appendix samples 16 were positive for abnormal PrP, indicating an overall prevalence of 493 per million population (95% confidence interval 282 to 801 per million). 	 RESULTS
The prevalence in those born in 1941-60 (733 per million, 269 to 1596 per million) did not differ significantly from those born between 1961 and 1985 (412 per million, 198 to 758 per million) and was similar in both sexes and across the three broad geographical areas sampled. 	 RESULTS
Genetic testing of the positive specimens for the genotype at PRNP codon 129 revealed a high proportion that were valine homozygous compared with the frequency in the normal population, and in stark contrast with confirmed clinical cases of vCJD, all of which were methionine homozygous at PRNP codon 129. 	 RESULTS
This study corroborates previous studies and suggests a high prevalence of infection with abnormal PrP, indicating vCJD carrier status in the population compared with the 177 vCJD cases to date. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These findings have important implications for the management of blood and blood products and for the handling of surgical instruments. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The prognosis and treatment of the 2 main types of cardiac amyloidosis, immunoglobulin light chain (AL) and transthyretin (ATTR) amyloidosis, are substantially influenced by cardiac involvement. 	 BACKGROUND
Cardiovascular magnetic resonance with late gadolinium enhancement (LGE) is a reference standard for the diagnosis of cardiac amyloidosis, but its potential for stratifying risk is unknown. 	 BACKGROUND
Two hundred fifty prospectively recruited subjects, 122 patients with ATTR amyloid, 9 asymptomatic mutation carriers, and 119 patients with AL amyloidosis, underwent LGE cardiovascular magnetic resonance. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Subjects were followed up for a mean of 24±13 months. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
was performed with phase-sensitive inversion recovery (PSIR) and without (magnitude only). 	 LGE
These were compared with extracellular volume measured with T1 mapping. 	 LGE
always nulled the tissue (blood or myocardium) with the longest T1 (least gadolinium). 	 PSIR
at an extracellular volume of 0.40 to 0.43 (AL) and 0.39 to 0.40 (ATTR) and to transmural at 0.48 to 0.55 (AL) and 0.47 to 0.59 (ATTR). 	 LGE
Sixty-seven patients (27%) died. 	 LGE
Transmural LGE predicted death (hazard ratio, 5.4; 95% confidence interval, 2.1-13.7; P<0.0001) and remained independent after adjustment for N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide, ejection fraction, stroke volume index, E/E', and left ventricular mass index (hazard ratio, 4.1; 95% confidence interval, 1.3-13.1; P<0.05). 	 LGE
There is a continuum of cardiac involvement in systemic AL and ATTR amyloidosis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Transmural LGE is determined reliably by PSIR and represents advanced cardiac amyloidosis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The PSIR technique provides incremental information on outcome even after adjustment for known prognostic factors. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The Global Burden of Diseases, Injuries, and Risk Factors Study 2015 provides an up-to-date synthesis of the evidence for risk factor exposure and the attributable burden of disease. 	 BACKGROUND
By providing national and subnational assessments spanning the past 25 years, this study can inform debates on the importance of addressing risks in context. 	 BACKGROUND
We used the comparative risk assessment framework developed for previous iterations of the Global Burden of Disease Study to estimate attributable deaths, disability-adjusted life-years (DALYs), and trends in exposure by age group, sex, year, and geography for 79 behavioural, environmental and occupational, and metabolic risks or clusters of risks from 1990 to 2015. 	 METHODS
This study included 388 risk-outcome pairs that met World Cancer Research Fund-defined criteria for convincing or probable evidence. 	 METHODS
We extracted relative risk and exposure estimates from randomised controlled trials, cohorts, pooled cohorts, household surveys, census data, satellite data, and other sources. 	 METHODS
We used statistical models to pool data, adjust for bias, and incorporate covariates. 	 METHODS
We developed a metric that allows comparisons of exposure across risk factors-the summary exposure value. 	 METHODS
Using the counterfactual scenario of theoretical minimum risk level, we estimated the portion of deaths and DALYs that could be attributed to a given risk. 	 METHODS
We decomposed trends in attributable burden into contributions from population growth, population age structure, risk exposure, and risk-deleted cause-specific DALY rates. 	 METHODS
We characterised risk exposure in relation to a Socio-demographic Index (SDI). 	 METHODS
Between 1990 and 2015, global exposure to unsafe sanitation, household air pollution, childhood underweight, childhood stunting, and smoking each decreased by more than 25%. 	 FINDINGS
Global exposure for several occupational risks, high body-mass index (BMI), and drug use increased by more than 25% over the same period. 	 FINDINGS
All risks jointly evaluated in 2015 accounted for 57·8% (95% CI 56·6-58·8) of global deaths and 41·2% (39·8-42·8) of DALYs. 	 FINDINGS
In 2015, the ten largest contributors to global DALYs among Level 3 risks were high systolic blood pressure (211·8 million [192·7 million to 231·1 million] global DALYs), smoking (148·6 million [134·2 million to 163·1 million]), high fasting plasma glucose (143·1 million [125·1 million to 163·5 million]), high BMI (120·1 million [83·8 million to 158·4 million]), childhood undernutrition (113·3 million [103·9 million to 123·4 million]), ambient particulate matter (103·1 million [90·8 million to 115·1 million]), high total cholesterol (88·7 million [74·6 million to 105·7 million]), household air pollution (85·6 million [66·7 million to 106·1 million]), alcohol use (85·0 million [77·2 million to 93·0 million]), and diets high in sodium (83·0 million [49·3 million to 127·5 million]). 	 FINDINGS
From 1990 to 2015, attributable DALYs declined for micronutrient deficiencies, childhood undernutrition, unsafe sanitation and water, and household air pollution; reductions in risk-deleted DALY rates rather than reductions in exposure drove these declines. 	 FINDINGS
Rising exposure contributed to notable increases in attributable DALYs from high BMI, high fasting plasma glucose, occupational carcinogens, and drug use. 	 FINDINGS
Environmental risks and childhood undernutrition declined steadily with SDI; low physical activity, high BMI, and high fasting plasma glucose increased with SDI. 	 FINDINGS
In 119 countries, metabolic risks, such as high BMI and fasting plasma glucose, contributed the most attributable DALYs in 2015. 	 FINDINGS
Regionally, smoking still ranked among the leading five risk factors for attributable DALYs in 109 countries; childhood underweight and unsafe sex remained primary drivers of early death and disability in much of sub-Saharan Africa. 	 FINDINGS
Declines in some key environmental risks have contributed to declines in critical infectious diseases. 	 INTERPRETATION
Some risks appear to be invariant to SDI. 	 INTERPRETATION
Increasing risks, including high BMI, high fasting plasma glucose, drug use, and some occupational exposures, contribute to rising burden from some conditions, but also provide opportunities for intervention. 	 INTERPRETATION
Some highly preventable risks, such as smoking, remain major causes of attributable DALYs, even as exposure is declining. 	 INTERPRETATION
Public policy makers need to pay attention to the risks that are increasingly major contributors to global burden. 	 INTERPRETATION
Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. 	 FUNDING
Schisandra, a globally distributed plant, has been widely applied for the treatment of diseases such as hyperlipidemia, fatty liver and obesity in China. 	 BACKGROUND
In the present work, a rapid resolution liquid chromatography coupled with quadruple-time-of-flight mass spectrometry (RRLC-Q-TOF-MS)-based metabolomics was conducted to investigate the intervention effect of Schisandra chinensis lignans (SCL) on hyperlipidemia mice induced by high-fat diet (HFD). 	 BACKGROUND
Hyperlipidemia mice were orally administered with SCL (100 mg/kg) once a day for 4 weeks. 	 METHODS
Serum biochemistry assay of triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) was conducted to confirm the treatment of SCL on lipid regulation. 	 METHODS
Metabolomics analysis on serum samples was carried out, and principal component analysis (PCA) and partial least squares-discriminant analysis (PLS-DA) were carried out for the pattern recognition and characteristic metabolites identification. 	 METHODS
The relative levels of critical regulatory factors of liver lipid metabolism, sterol regulatory element-binding proteins (SREBPs) and its related gene expressions were measured by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) for investigating the underlying mechanism. 	 METHODS
Oral administration of SCL significantly decreased the serum levels of TC, TG and LDL-c and increased the serum level of HDL-c in the hyperlipidemia mice, and no effect of SCL on blood lipid levels was observed in control mice. 	 RESULTS
Serum samples were scattered in the PCA scores plots in response to the control, HFD and SCL group. 	 RESULTS
Totally, thirteen biomarkers were identified and nine of them were recovered to the normal levels after SCL treatment. 	 RESULTS
Based on the Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) pathways analysis, the anti-hyperlipidemia mechanisms of SCL may be involved in the following metabolic pathways: tricarboxylic acid (TCA) cycle, synthesis of ketone body and cholesterol, choline metabolism and fatty acid metabolism. 	 RESULTS
Meanwhile, SCL significantly inhibited the mRNA expression level of hepatic lipogenesis genes such as SREBP-1c, fatty acid synthase (FAS) and acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC), and decreased the mRNA expression of liver X receptor α (LXRα). 	 RESULTS
Moreover, SCL also significantly decreased the expression level of SREBP-2 and 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase (HMGCR) in the liver of hyperlipidemia mice. 	 RESULTS
Anti-hyperlipidemia effect of SCL was confirmed by both serum biochemistry and metabolomics analysis. 	 CONCLUSION
The mechanism may be related to the down-regulation of LXRα/SREBP-1c/FAS/ACC and SREBP2/HMGCR signaling pathways. 	 CONCLUSION
This report presents national estimates of the use of complementary health approaches among adults in the United States across three time points. 	 OBJECTIVE
Trends in the use of selected complementary health approaches are compared for 2002, 2007, and 2012, and differences by selected demographic characteristics are also examined. 	 OBJECTIVE
Combined data from 88,962 adults aged 18 and over collected as part of the 2002, 2007, and 2012 National Health Interview Survey were analyzed for this report. 	 METHODS
Sample data were weighted to produce national estimates that are representative of the civilian noninstitutionalized U.S. adult population. 	 METHODS
Differences between percentages were evaluated using two-sided significance tests at the 0.05 level. 	 METHODS
Although the use of individual approaches varied across the three time points, nonvitamin, nonmineral dietary supplements remained the most popular complementary health approach used. 	 RESULTS
The use of yoga, tai chi, and qi gong increased linearly across the three time points; among these three approaches, yoga accounted for approximately 80% of the prevalence. 	 RESULTS
The use of any complementary health approach also differed by selected sociodemographic characteristics. 	 RESULTS
The most notable observed differences in use were by age and Hispanic or Latino origin and race. 	 RESULTS
Although preterm delivery is a well-established risk factor for cerebral palsy (CP), preterm deliveries contribute only a minority of affected infants. 	 CONTEXT
There is little information on the relation of CP risk to gestational age in the term range, where most CP occurs. 	 CONTEXT
To determine whether timing of birth in the term and postterm period is associated with risk of CP. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Population-based follow-up study using the Medical Birth Registry of Norway to identify 1,682,441 singleton children born in the years 1967-2001 with a gestational age of 37 through 44 weeks and no congenital anomalies. 	 OBJECTIVE
The cohort was followed up through 2005 by linkage to other national registries. 	 OBJECTIVE
Absolute and relative risk of CP for children surviving to at least 4 years of age. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Of the cohort of term and postterm children, 1938 were registered with CP in the National Insurance Scheme. 	 RESULTS
Infants born at 40 weeks had the lowest risk of CP, with a prevalence of 0.99/1000 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.90-1.08). 	 RESULTS
Risk for CP was higher with earlier or later delivery, with a prevalence at 37 weeks of 1.91/1000 (95% CI, 1.58-2.25) and a relative risk (RR) of 1.9 (95% CI, 1.6-2.4), a prevalence at 38 weeks of 1.25/1000 (95% CI, 1.07-1.42) and an RR of 1.3 (95% CI, 1.1-1.6), a prevalence at 42 weeks of 1.36/1000 (95% CI, 1.19-1.53) and an RR of 1.4 (95% CI, 1.2-1.6), and a prevalence after 42 weeks of 1.44 (95% CI, 1.15-1.72) and an RR of 1.4 (95% CI, 1.1-1.8). 	 RESULTS
These associations were even stronger in a subset with gestational age based on ultrasound measurements: at 37 weeks the prevalence was 1.17/1000 (95% CI, 0.30-2.04) and the relative risk was 3.7 (95% CI, 1.5-9.1). 	 RESULTS
At 42 weeks the prevalence was 0.85/1000 (95% CI, 0.33-1.38) and the relative risk was 2.4 (95% CI, 1.1-5.3). 	 RESULTS
Adjustment for infant sex, maternal age, and various socioeconomic measures had little effect. 	 RESULTS
Compared with delivery at 40 weeks' gestation, delivery at 37 or 38 weeks or at 42 weeks or later was associated with an increased risk of CP. 	 CONCLUSION
Extensive mammographic density is associated with an increased risk of breast cancer and makes the detection of cancer by mammography difficult, but the influence of density on risk according to method of cancer detection is unknown. 	 BACKGROUND
We carried out three nested case-control studies in screened populations with 1112 matched case-control pairs. 	 METHODS
We examined the association of the measured percentage of density in the baseline mammogram with risk of breast cancer, according to method of cancer detection, time since the initiation of screening, and age. 	 METHODS
As compared with women with density in less than 10% of the mammogram, women with density in 75% or more had an increased risk of breast cancer (odds ratio, 4.7; 95% confidence interval [CI], 3.0 to 7.4), whether detected by screening (odds ratio, 3.5; 95% CI, 2.0 to 6.2) or less than 12 months after a negative screening examination (odds ratio, 17.8; 95% CI, 4.8 to 65.9). 	 RESULTS
Increased risk of breast cancer, whether detected by screening or other means, persisted for at least 8 years after study entry and was greater in younger than in older women. 	 RESULTS
For women younger than the median age of 56 years, 26% of all breast cancers and 50% of cancers detected less than 12 months after a negative screening test were attributable to density in 50% or more of the mammogram. 	 RESULTS
Extensive mammographic density is strongly associated with the risk of breast cancer detected by screening or between screening tests. 	 CONCLUSIONS
A substantial fraction of breast cancers can be attributed to this risk factor. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To evaluate the cost effectiveness of standard treatment with and without the addition of ward based non-invasive ventilation in patients admitted to hospital with an acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. 	 OBJECTIVE
Incremental cost effectiveness analysis of a randomised controlled trial. 	 DESIGN
Medical wards in 14 hospitals in the United Kingdom. 	 SETTING
The trial comprised 236 patients admitted to hospital with an acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and mild to moderate acidosis (pH 7.25-7.35) secondary to respiratory failure. 	 PARTICIPANTS
The economic analysis compared the costs of treatment that these patients received after randomisation. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Incremental cost per in-hospital death. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
24/118 died in the group receiving standard treatment and 12/118 in the group receiving non-invasive ventilation (P=0.05). 	 RESULTS
Allocation to the group receiving non-invasive ventilation was associated with a reduction in costs of 49362 pounds sterling (78741 dollars; 73109 euros), mainly through reduced use of intensive care units. 	 RESULTS
The incremental cost effectiveness ratio was -645 pounds sterling per death avoided (95% confidence interval -2310 pounds sterling to 386 pounds sterling), indicating a dominant (more effective and less costly) strategy. 	 RESULTS
Modelling of these data indicates that a typical UK hospital providing a non-invasive ventilation service will avoid six deaths and three to nine admissions to intensive care units per year, with an associated cost reduction of 12000-53000 pounds sterling per year. 	 RESULTS
Non-invasive ventilation is a highly cost effective treatment that both reduced total costs and improved mortality in hospital. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Many mathematical models have investigated the impact of expanding access to antiretroviral therapy (ART) on new HIV infections. 	 BACKGROUND
Comparing results and conclusions across models is challenging because models have addressed slightly different questions and have reported different outcome metrics. 	 BACKGROUND
This study compares the predictions of several mathematical models simulating the same ART intervention programmes to determine the extent to which models agree about the epidemiological impact of expanded ART. 	 BACKGROUND
Twelve independent mathematical models evaluated a set of standardised ART intervention scenarios in South Africa and reported a common set of outputs. 	 METHODS
Intervention scenarios systematically varied the CD4 count threshold for treatment eligibility, access to treatment, and programme retention. 	 RESULTS
For a scenario in which 80% of HIV-infected individuals start treatment on average 1 y after their CD4 count drops below 350 cells/µl and 85% remain on treatment after 3 y, the models projected that HIV incidence would be 35% to 54% lower 8 y after the introduction of ART, compared to a counterfactual scenario in which there is no ART. 	 RESULTS
More variation existed in the estimated long-term (38 y) reductions in incidence. 	 RESULTS
The impact of optimistic interventions including immediate ART initiation varied widely across models, maintaining substantial uncertainty about the theoretical prospect for elimination of HIV from the population using ART alone over the next four decades. 	 RESULTS
The number of person-years of ART per infection averted over 8 y ranged between 5.8 and 18.7. 	 RESULTS
Considering the actual scale-up of ART in South Africa, seven models estimated that current HIV incidence is 17% to 32% lower than it would have been in the absence of ART. 	 RESULTS
Differences between model assumptions about CD4 decline and HIV transmissibility over the course of infection explained only a modest amount of the variation in model results. 	 RESULTS
Mathematical models evaluating the impact of ART vary substantially in structure, complexity, and parameter choices, but all suggest that ART, at high levels of access and with high adherence, has the potential to substantially reduce new HIV infections. 	 CONCLUSIONS
There was broad agreement regarding the short-term epidemiologic impact of ambitious treatment scale-up, but more variation in longer term projections and in the efficiency with which treatment can reduce new infections. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Differences between model predictions could not be explained by differences in model structure or parameterization that were hypothesized to affect intervention impact. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Self-harm and suicide are common in prisoners, yet robust information on the full extent and characteristics of people at risk of self-harm is scant. 	 BACKGROUND
Furthermore, understanding how frequently self-harm is followed by suicide, and in which prisoners this progression is most likely to happen, is important. 	 BACKGROUND
We did a case-control study of all prisoners in England and Wales to ascertain the prevalence of self-harm in this population, associated risk factors, clustering effects, and risk of subsequent suicide after self-harm. 	 BACKGROUND
Records of self-harm incidents in all prisons in England and Wales were gathered routinely between January, 2004, and December, 2009. 	 METHODS
We did a case-control comparison of prisoners who self-harmed and those who did not between January, 2006, and December, 2009. 	 METHODS
We also used a Bayesian approach to look at clustering of people who self-harmed. 	 METHODS
Prisoners who self-harmed and subsequently died by suicide in prison were compared with other inmates who self-harmed. 	 METHODS
139,195 self-harm incidents were recorded in 26,510 individual prisoners between 2004 and 2009; 5-6% of male prisoners and 20-24% of female inmates self-harmed every year. 	 FINDINGS
Self-harm rates were more than ten times higher in female prisoners than in male inmates. 	 FINDINGS
Repetition of self-harm was common, particularly in women and teenage girls, in whom a subgroup of 102 prisoners accounted for 17,307 episodes. 	 FINDINGS
In both sexes, self-harm was associated with younger age, white ethnic origin, prison type, and a life sentence or being unsentenced; in female inmates, committing a violent offence against an individual was also a factor. 	 FINDINGS
Substantial evidence was noted of clustering in time and location of prisoners who self-harmed (adjusted intra-class correlation 0·15, 95% CI 0·11-0·18). 	 FINDINGS
109 subsequent suicides in prison were reported in individuals who self-harmed; the risk was higher in those who self-harmed than in the general prison population, and more than half the deaths occurred within a month of self-harm. 	 FINDINGS
Risk factors for suicide after self-harm in male prisoners were older age and a previous self-harm incident of high or moderate lethality; in female inmates, a history of more than five self-harm incidents within a year was associated with subsequent suicide. 	 FINDINGS
The burden of self-harm in prisoners is substantial, particularly in women. 	 INTERPRETATION
Self-harm in prison is associated with subsequent suicide in this setting. 	 INTERPRETATION
Prevention and treatment of self-harm in prisoners is an essential component of suicide prevention in prisons. 	 INTERPRETATION
Wellcome Trust, National Institute for Health Research, National Offender Management Service, and Department of Health. 	 FUNDING
Expanded access to antiretroviral therapy (ART) using universal test and treat (UTT) has been suggested as a strategy to eliminate HIV in South Africa within 7 y based on an influential mathematical modeling study. 	 BACKGROUND
However, the underlying deterministic model was criticized widely, and other modeling studies did not always confirm the study's finding. 	 BACKGROUND
The objective of our study is to better understand the implications of different model structures and assumptions, so as to arrive at the best possible predictions of the long-term impact of UTT and the possibility of elimination of HIV. 	 BACKGROUND
We developed nine structurally different mathematical models of the South African HIV epidemic in a stepwise approach of increasing complexity and realism. 	 METHODS
The simplest model resembles the initial deterministic model, while the most comprehensive model is the stochastic microsimulation model STDSIM, which includes sexual networks and HIV stages with different degrees of infectiousness. 	 METHODS
We defined UTT as annual screening and immediate ART for all HIV-infected adults, starting at 13% in January 2012 and scaled up to 90% coverage by January 2019. 	 METHODS
All models predict elimination, yet those that capture more processes underlying the HIV transmission dynamics predict elimination at a later point in time, after 20 to 25 y. Importantly, the most comprehensive model predicts that the current strategy of ART at CD4 count ≤350 cells/µl will also lead to elimination, albeit 10 y later compared to UTT. 	 RESULTS
Still, UTT remains cost-effective, as many additional life-years would be saved. 	 RESULTS
The study's major limitations are that elimination was defined as incidence below 1/1,000 person-years rather than 0% prevalence, and drug resistance was not modeled. 	 RESULTS
Our results confirm previous predictions that the HIV epidemic in South Africa can be eliminated through universal testing and immediate treatment at 90% coverage. 	 CONCLUSIONS
However, more realistic models show that elimination is likely to occur at a much later point in time than the initial model suggested. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Also, UTT is a cost-effective intervention, but less cost-effective than previously predicted because the current South African ART treatment policy alone could already drive HIV into elimination. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Please see later in the article for the Editors' Summary. 	 CONCLUSIONS
TGR5 is a G-protein-coupled receptor for bile acids. 	 OBJECTIVE
So far, little is known about the function of TGR5 in vascular endothelial cells. 	 OBJECTIVE
In bovine aortic endothelial cells, treatment with a bile acid having a high affinity to TGR5, taurolithocholic acid (TLCA), significantly increased NO production. 	 APPROACH AND RESULTS
This effect was abolished by small interfering RNA-mediated depletion of TGR5. 	 APPROACH AND RESULTS
TLCA-induced NO production was also observed in human umbilical vein endothelial cells measured via intracellular cGMP accumulation. 	 APPROACH AND RESULTS
increased endothelial NO synthase(ser1177) phosphorylation in human umbilical vein endothelial cells. 	 TLCA
This response was accompanied by increased Akt(ser473) phosphorylation and intracellular Ca(2+). 	 TLCA
Inhibition of these signals significantly decreased TLCA-induced NO production. 	 TLCA
We next examined whether TGR5-mediated NO production affects inflammatory responses of endothelial cells. 	 TLCA
In human umbilical vein endothelial cells, TLCA significantly reduced tumor necrosis factor-α-induced adhesion of monocytes, vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 expression, and activation of nuclear factor-κB. TLCA also inhibited lipopolysaccharide-induced monocyte adhesion to mesenteric venules in vivo. 	 TLCA
These inhibitory effects of TLCA were abrogated by NO synthase inhibition. 	 TLCA
TGR5 agonism induces NO production via Akt activation and intracellular Ca(2+) increase in vascular endothelial cells, and this function inhibits monocyte adhesion in response to inflammatory stimuli. 	 CONCLUSIONS
and tuberculosis (TB) services are provided free of charge in many sub-Saharan African countries, but patients still incur costs. 	 BACKGROUND HIV
Patient-exit interviews were conducted in primary health care clinics in rural South Africa with representative samples of 200 HIV-infected patients enrolled in a pre-antiretroviral treatment (pre-ART) program, 300 patients receiving antiretroviral treatment (ART), and 300 patients receiving TB treatment. 	 METHODS
For each group, we calculated health expenditures across different spending categories, time spent traveling to and using services, and how patients financed their spending. 	 METHODS
Associations between patient group and costs were assessed in multivariate regression models. 	 METHODS
Total monthly health expenditures [1 USD = 7.3 South African Rand (ZAR)] were ZAR 171 [95% confidence interval (CI): 134 to 207] for pre-ART, ZAR 164 (95% CI: 141 to 187) for ART, and ZAR 122 (95% CI: 105 to 140) for TB patients (P = 0.01). 	 RESULTS
Total monthly time costs (in hours) were 3.4 (95% CI: 3.3 to 3.5) for pre-ART, 5.0 (95% CI: 4.7 to 5.3) for ART, and 3.2 (95% CI: 2.9 to 3.4) for TB patients (P < 0.01). 	 RESULTS
Although overall patient costs were similar across groups, pre-ART patients spent on average ZAR 29.2 more on traditional healers and ZAR 25.9 more on chemists and private doctors than ART patients, whereas ART patients spent ZAR 34.0 more than pre-ART patients on transport to clinics (P < 0.05 for all results). 	 RESULTS
Thirty-one percent of pre-ART, 39% of ART, and 41% of TB patients borrowed money or sold assets to finance health care. 	 RESULTS
Patients receiving nominally free care for HIV/TB face large private costs, commonly leading to financial distress. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Subsidized transport, fewer clinic visits, and drug pick-up points closer to home could reduce costs for ART patients, potentially improving retention and adherence. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Large expenditure on alternative care among pre-ART patients suggests that transitioning patients to ART earlier, as under HIV treatment-as-prevention policies, may not substantially increase patients' financial burden. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The number of older people is set to increase dramatically worldwide. 	 BACKGROUND
Demographic changes are likely to result in the rise of age-related chronic diseases which largely contribute to years lived with a disability and future dependence. 	 BACKGROUND
However dependence is much less studied although intrinsically linked to disability. 	 BACKGROUND
We investigated the prevalence and correlates of dependence among older people from middle income countries. 	 BACKGROUND
A one-phase cross-sectional survey was carried out at 11 sites in seven countries (urban sites in Cuba, Venezuela, and Dominican Republic, urban and rural sites in Peru, Mexico, China and India). 	 METHODS
All those aged 65 years and over living in geographically defined catchment areas were eligible. 	 METHODS
In all, 15,022 interviews were completed with an informant interview for each participant. 	 METHODS
The full 10/66 Dementia Research Group survey protocol was applied, including ascertainment of depression, dementia, physical impairments and self-reported diagnoses. 	 METHODS
Dependence was interviewer-rated based on a key informant's responses to a set of open-ended questions on the participant's needs for care. 	 METHODS
We estimated the prevalence of dependence and the independent contribution of underlying health conditions. 	 METHODS
Site-specific prevalence ratios were meta-analysed, and population attributable prevalence fractions (PAPF) calculated. 	 METHODS
The prevalence of dependence increased with age at all sites, with a tendency for the prevalence to be lower in men than in women. 	 RESULTS
Age-standardised prevalence was lower in all sites than in the USA. 	 RESULTS
Other than in rural China, dementia made the largest independent contribution to dependence, with a median PAPF of 34% (range 23%-59%). 	 RESULTS
Other substantial contributors were limb impairment (9%, 1%-46%), stroke (8%, 2%-17%), and depression (8%, 1%-27%). 	 RESULTS
The demographic and health transitions will lead to large and rapid increases in the numbers of dependent older people particularly in middle income countries (MIC). 	 CONCLUSION
The prevention and control of chronic neurological and neuropsychiatric diseases and the development of long-term care policies and plans should be urgent priorities. 	 CONCLUSION
Plasmodium falciparum malaria remains a major cause of illness and death in sub-Saharan Africa. 	 BACKGROUND
Young children bear the brunt of the disease and though older children and adults suffer relatively fewer clinical attacks, they remain susceptible to asymptomatic P. falciparum infection. 	 BACKGROUND
A better understanding of the host factors associated with immunity to clinical malaria and the ability to sustain asymptomatic P. falciparum infection will aid the development of improved strategies for disease prevention. 	 BACKGROUND
Here we investigate whether full differential blood counts can predict susceptibility to clinical malaria among Kenyan children sampled at five annual cross-sectional surveys. 	 METHODS
We find that the ratio of monocytes to lymphocytes, measured in peripheral blood at the time of survey, directly correlates with risk of clinical malaria during follow-up. 	 RESULTS
This association is evident among children with asymptomatic P. falciparum infection at the time the cell counts are measured (Hazard ratio (HR)  =  2.7 (95% CI 1.42, 5.01, P  =  0.002) but not in those without detectable parasitaemia (HR  =  1.0 (95% CI 0.74, 1.42, P  =  0.9). 	 RESULTS
We propose that the monocyte to lymphocyte ratio, which is easily derived from routine full differential blood counts, reflects an individual's capacity to mount an effective immune response to P. falciparum infection. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Mature microRNAs (miRNAs) are single-stranded RNAs that regulate post-transcriptional gene expression. 	 BACKGROUND
In our previous study, we have shown that versican 3'UTR, a fragment of non-coding transcript, has the ability to antagonize miR-199a-3p function thereby regulating expression of the matrix proteins versican and fibronectin, and thus resulting in enhanced cell-cell adhesion and organ adhesion. 	 BACKGROUND
However, the impact of this non-coding fragment on tumorigenesis is yet to be determined. 	 BACKGROUND
Using computational prediction confirmed with in vitro and in vivo experiments, we report that the expression of versican 3'UTR not only antagonizes miR-199a-3p but can also lower its steady state expression. 	 FINDINGS
We found that expression of versican 3'UTR in a mouse breast carcinoma cell line, 4T1, decreased miR-199a-3p levels. 	 FINDINGS
The decrease in miRNA activity consequently translated into differences in tumor growth. 	 FINDINGS
Computational analysis indicated that both miR-199a-3p and miR-144 targeted a cell cycle regulator, Rb1. 	 FINDINGS
In addition, miR-144 and miR-136, which have also been shown to interact with versican 3'UTR, was found to target PTEN. 	 FINDINGS
Expression of Rb1 and PTEN were up-regulated synergistically in vitro and in vivo, suggesting that the 3'UTR binds and modulates miRNA activities, freeing Rb1 and PTEN mRNAs for translation. 	 FINDINGS
In tumor formation assays, cells transfected with the 3'UTR formed smaller tumors compared with cells transfected with a control vector. 	 FINDINGS
Our results demonstrated that a 3'UTR fragment can be used to modulate miRNA functions. 	 CONCLUSION
Our study also suggests that miRNAs in the cancer cells are more susceptible to degradation, due to its interaction with a non-coding 3'UTR. 	 CONCLUSION
This non-coding component of mRNA may be used retrospectively to modulate miRNA activities. 	 CONCLUSION
To determine spatial patterns of co-endemicity of schistosomiasis mansoni and the soil-transmitted helminths (STHs) Ascaris lumbricoides, Trichuris trichiura and hookworm in the Great Lakes region of East Africa, to help plan integrated neglected tropical disease programmes in this region. 	 OBJECTIVE
Parasitological surveys were conducted in Uganda, Tanzania, Kenya and Burundi in 28 213 children in 404 schools. 	 METHOD
Bayesian geostatistical models were used to interpolate prevalence of these infections across the study area. 	 METHOD
Interpolated prevalence maps were overlaid to determine areas of co-endemicity. 	 METHOD
In the Great Lakes region, prevalence was 18.1% for Schistosoma mansoni, 50.0% for hookworm, 6.8% for A. lumbricoides and 6.8% for T. trichiura. 	 RESULTS
Hookworm infection was ubiquitous, whereas S. mansoni, A. lumbricoides and T. trichiura were highly focal. 	 RESULTS
Most areas were endemic (prevalence >or=10%) or hyperendemic (prevalence >or=50%) for one or more STHs, whereas endemic areas for schistosomiasis mansoni were restricted to foci adjacent large perennial water bodies. 	 RESULTS
Because of the ubiquity of hookworm, treatment programmes are required for STH throughout the region but efficient schistosomiasis control should only be targeted at limited high-risk areas. 	 CONCLUSION
Therefore, integration of schistosomiasis with STH control is only indicated in limited foci in East Africa. 	 CONCLUSION
The objective of the study was to test the hypothesis that elevated red cell distribution width (RDW) at admission increases the risk of mortality in older patients admitted to the emergency department (ED). 	 BACKGROUND
We performed a retrospective analysis of patients admitted to the ED between May 2013 and October 2013. 	 METHODS
We included patients who were older than 65 years who visited the ED with any medical problems. 	 METHODS
Baseline RDW values were measured at the time of admission to the ED. 	 METHODS
The primary outcome was all-cause in-hospital mortality. 	 METHODS
Multivariate logistic analysis was performed. 	 METHODS
A total of 1,990 patients were finally included in this study. 	 RESULTS
The mean age was 75 years (SD 7), and 936 (47 %) subjects were male. 	 RESULTS
The in-hospital mortality rate was 3.76 % (74 patients). 	 RESULTS
values higher in non-survivors than in survivors (15.9 ± 2.5 vs. 13.8 ± 1.7, p < 0.001). 	 RDW
Multivariate logistic analysis showed that RDW was associated with all-cause in-hospital mortality after adjusting for other confounding factors. 	 RDW
value at admission is an independent predictor of all-cause in-hospital mortality among patients older than 65 years. 	 DISCUSSION RDW
After adjustment for multiple confounders, the all-cause in-hospital mortality rate increased by 21.8% for each 1% increase in RDW. 	 DISCUSSION RDW
These results show that RDW at admission is associated with in-hospital mortality among patients older than 65. 	 CONCLUSION
Thus, RDW at admission may represent a surrogate marker of disease severity. 	 CONCLUSION
We caution against using these findings to aid clinical decision-making process until they are externally validated. 	 CONCLUSION
To determine whether perceived age correlates with survival and important age related phenotypes. 	 OBJECTIVE
Follow-up study, with survival of twins determined up to January 2008, by which time 675 (37%) had died. 	 DESIGN
Population based twin cohort in Denmark. 	 SETTING
20 nurses, 10 young men, and 11 older women (assessors); 1826 twins aged >or=70. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Assessors: perceived age of twins from photographs. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Twins: physical and cognitive tests and molecular biomarker of ageing (leucocyte telomere length). 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
For all three groups of assessors, perceived age was significantly associated with survival, even after adjustment for chronological age, sex, and rearing environment. 	 RESULTS
Perceived age was still significantly associated with survival after further adjustment for physical and cognitive functioning. 	 RESULTS
The likelihood that the older looking twin of the pair died first increased with increasing discordance in perceived age within the twin pair-that is, the bigger the difference in perceived age within the pair, the more likely that the older looking twin died first. 	 RESULTS
Twin analyses suggested that common genetic factors influence both perceived age and survival. 	 RESULTS
Perceived age, controlled for chronological age and sex, also correlated significantly with physical and cognitive functioning as well as with leucocyte telomere length. 	 RESULTS
Perceived age-which is widely used by clinicians as a general indication of a patient's health-is a robust biomarker of ageing that predicts survival among those aged >or=70 and correlates with important functional and molecular ageing phenotypes. 	 CONCLUSION
To investigate and relate the ultrashort-term and long-term courses of determinants for foreign body reaction as biocompatibility predictors for meshes in an animal model. 	 PURPOSE
Three different meshes (TVT, UltraPro, and PVDF) were implanted in sheep. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
Native and plasma coated meshes were placed bilaterally: (a) interaperitoneally, (b) as fascia onlay, and (c) as muscle onlay (fascia sublay). 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
At 5 min, 20 min, 60 min, and 120 min meshes were explanted and histochemically investigated for inflammatory infiltrate, macrophage infiltration, vessel formation, myofibroblast invasion, and connective tissue accumulation. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
The results were related to long-term values over 24 months. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
Macrophage invasion reached highest extents with up to 60% in short-term and decreased within 24 months to about 30%. 	 RESULTS
Inflammatory infiltrate increased within the first 2 hours, the reached levels and the different extents and ranking among the investigated meshes remained stable during long-term follow up. 	 RESULTS
For myofibroblasts, connective tissue, and CD31+ cells, no activity was detected during the first 120 min. 	 RESULTS
The local inflammatory reaction is an early and susceptible event after mesh implantation. 	 CONCLUSION
It cannot be influenced by prior plasma coating and does not depend on the localisation of implantation. 	 CONCLUSION
Epidemiologic analysis of family data on blood pressure (BP) is often compromised by the effects of antihypertensive medications. 	 BACKGROUND
A review of numerous clinical trials that investigated the effects of BP-lowering medications is summarized here. 	 BACKGROUND
Published clinical trials, including 137 clinical trials with monodrug therapies and 28 clinical trials of combination drug therapies with a total of 11,739 participants, were reviewed from PubMed. 	 METHODS
Six major classes/groups of antihypertensive medications were categorized by ethnicity, including angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, alpha1-blockers, cardioselective beta-blockers (beta1-blockers), calcium channel blockers, thiazide and thiazide-like diuretics, and loop diuretics. 	 METHODS
Using sitting or supine BP, for ethnic groups combined, monodrug therapy with ACE inhibitors showed a weighted average effect of lowering the systolic and diastolic BP by 12.5/9.5 mm Hg; alpha1-blockers by 15.5/11.7 mm Hg; beta1-blockers by 14.8/12.2 mm Hg; calcium channel blockers by 15.3/10.5 mm Hg; thiazide diuretics by 15.3/9.8 mm Hg; and loop diuretics by 15.8/8.2 mm Hg. 	 RESULTS
However, ACE inhibitors, alpha1-blockers, and beta1-blockers were less effective in African Americans than in non-African Americans, whereas calcium channel blockers, thiazide diuretics, and loop diuretics were more effective in African Americans than in non-African Americans. 	 RESULTS
For two-drug combination therapy with ethnic groups combined, the BP-lowering effect of the second medication, when compared to its effect as monodrug therapy, was 84% and 65% for systolic and diastolic BP, respectively. 	 RESULTS
The BP-lowering effects reported here may be used to impute the pretreatment BP levels, which can improve the information content and hence the power of epidemiologic analysis in studies where use of antihypertensive medications is a confounding factor in the BP measurements. 	 CONCLUSIONS
replication and mitosis are triggered by activation of kinase complexes, each made up of a cyclin and a cyclin-dependent kinase (Cdk). 	 BACKGROUND DNA
It had seemed possible that the association of Cdks with different classes of cyclins specifies whether S phase (replication) or M phase (mitosis) will occur. 	 BACKGROUND DNA
The recent finding that individual B-type cyclins (encoded by the genes CLB1-CLB6) can have functions in both processes in the budding yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae casts doubt on this notion. 	 BACKGROUND DNA
S. cerevisiae strains lacking C1b1-C1b4 undergo DNA replication once but fail to enter mitosis. 	 RESULTS
We have isolated mutations in two genes, SIM1 and SIM2 (SIM2 is identical to SEC72), which allow such cells to undergo an extra round of DNA replication without mitosis. 	 RESULTS
The Clb5 kinase, which promotes S phase, remains active during the G2-phase arrest of cells of the parental strain, but its activity declines rapidly in sim mutants. 	 RESULTS
Increased expression of the CLB5 gene prevents re-replication. 	 RESULTS
Thus, a cyclin B-kinase that promotes DNA replication in G1-phase cells can prevent re-replication in G2-phase cells. 	 RESULTS
Inactivation of C1b kinases by expression of the specific C1b-Cdk1 inhibitor p40SIC1 is sufficient to induce a prereplicative state at origins of replication in cells blocked in G2/M phase by nocodazole. 	 RESULTS
Re-activation of C1b-Cdk1 kinases induces a second round of DNA replication. 	 RESULTS
We propose that S-phase-promoting cyclin B--Cdk complexes prevent re-replication during S, G2 and M phases by inhibiting the transition of replication origins to a pre-replicative state. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This model can explain both why origins 'fire' only once per S phase and why S phase is dependent on completion of the preceding M phase. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Genlisea aurea (Lentibulariaceae) is a carnivorous plant with unusually small genome size - 63.6 Mb - one of the smallest known among higher plants. 	 BACKGROUND
Data on the genome sizes and the phylogeny of Genlisea suggest that this is a derived state within the genus. 	 BACKGROUND
Thus, G. aurea is an excellent model organism for studying evolutionary mechanisms of genome contraction. 	 BACKGROUND
Here we report sequencing and de novo draft assembly of G. aurea genome. 	 RESULTS
The assembly consists of 10,687 contigs of the total length of 43.4 Mb and includes 17,755 complete and partial protein-coding genes. 	 RESULTS
Its comparison with the genome of Mimulus guttatus, another representative of higher core Lamiales clade, reveals striking differences in gene content and length of non-coding regions. 	 RESULTS
Genome contraction was a complex process, which involved gene loss and reduction of lengths of introns and intergenic regions, but not intron loss. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The gene loss is more frequent for the genes that belong to multigenic families indicating that genetic redundancy is an important prerequisite for genome size reduction. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In the absence of an effective vaccine, HIV continues to spread globally, emphasizing the need for novel strategies to limit its transmission. 	 BACKGROUND
Pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) with antiretroviral drugs could prove to be an effective intervention strategy if highly efficacious and cost-effective PrEP modalities are identified. 	 BACKGROUND
We evaluated daily and intermittent PrEP regimens of increasing antiviral activity in a macaque model that closely resembles human transmission. 	 BACKGROUND
We used a repeat-exposure macaque model with 14 weekly rectal virus challenges. 	 METHODS
Three drug treatments were given once daily, each to a different group of six rhesus macaques. 	 METHODS
Group 1 was treated subcutaneously with a human-equivalent dose of emtricitabine (FTC), group 2 received orally the human-equivalent dosing of both FTC and tenofovir-disoproxil fumarate (TDF), and group 3 received subcutaneously a similar dosing of FTC and a higher dose of tenofovir. 	 METHODS
A fourth group of six rhesus macaques (group 4) received intermittently a PrEP regimen similar to group 3 only 2 h before and 24 h after each weekly virus challenge. 	 METHODS
Results were compared to 18 control macaques that did not receive any drug treatment. 	 METHODS
The risk of infection in macaques treated in groups 1 and 2 was 3.8- and 7.8-fold lower than in untreated macaques (p = 0.02 and p = 0.008, respectively). 	 RESULTS
All six macaques in group 3 were protected. 	 RESULTS
Breakthrough infections had blunted acute viremias; drug resistance was seen in two of six animals. 	 RESULTS
All six animals in group 4 that received intermittent PrEP were protected. 	 RESULTS
This model suggests that single drugs for daily PrEP can be protective but a combination of antiretroviral drugs may be required to increase the level of protection. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Short but potent intermittent PrEP can provide protection comparable to that of daily PrEP in this SHIV/macaque model. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These findings support PrEP trials for HIV prevention in humans and identify promising PrEP modalities. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To describe variation in antibiotic prescribing for acute cough in contrasting European settings and the impact on recovery. 	 OBJECTIVE
Cross sectional observational study with clinicians from 14 primary care research networks in 13 European countries who recorded symptoms on presentation and management. 	 DESIGN
Patients followed up for 28 days with patient diaries. 	 DESIGN
Primary care. 	 SETTING
Adults with a new or worsening cough or clinical presentation suggestive of lower respiratory tract infection. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Prescribing of antibiotics by clinicians and total symptom severity scores over time. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
3402 patients were recruited (clinicians completed a case report form for 99% (3368) of participants and 80% (2714) returned a symptom diary). 	 RESULTS
Mean symptom severity scores at presentation ranged from 19 (scale range 0 to 100) in networks based in Spain and Italy to 38 in the network based in Sweden. 	 RESULTS
Antibiotic prescribing by networks ranged from 20% to nearly 90% (53% overall), with wide variation in classes of antibiotics prescribed. 	 RESULTS
Amoxicillin was overall the most common antibiotic prescribed, but this ranged from 3% of antibiotics prescribed in the Norwegian network to 83% in the English network. 	 RESULTS
While fluoroquinolones were not prescribed at all in three networks, they were prescribed for 18% in the Milan network. 	 RESULTS
After adjustment for clinical presentation and demographics, considerable differences remained in antibiotic prescribing, ranging from Norway (odds ratio 0.18, 95% confidence interval 0.11 to 0.30) to Slovakia (11.2, 6.20 to 20.27) compared with the overall mean (proportion prescribed: 0.53). 	 RESULTS
The rate of recovery was similar for patients who were and were not prescribed antibiotics (coefficient -0.01, P<0.01) once clinical presentation was taken into account. 	 RESULTS
Variation in clinical presentation does not explain the considerable variation in antibiotic prescribing for acute cough in Europe. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Variation in antibiotic prescribing is not associated with clinically important differences in recovery. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Clinicaltrials.gov NCT00353951. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
Pluripotent embryonic stem (ES) cells, which have the capacity to give rise to all tissue types in the body, show great promise as a versatile source of cells for regenerative therapy. 	 BACKGROUND
However, the basic mechanisms of lineage specification of pluripotent stem cells are largely unknown, and generating sufficient quantities of desired cell types remains a formidable challenge. 	 BACKGROUND
Small molecules, particularly those that modulate key developmental pathways like the bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) signaling cascade, hold promise as tools to study in vitro lineage specification and to direct differentiation of stem cells toward particular cell types. 	 BACKGROUND
METHODOLOGY/ PRINCIPAL FINDINGS We describe the use of dorsomorphin, a selective small molecule inhibitor of BMP signaling, to induce myocardial differentiation in mouse ES cells. 	 BACKGROUND
Cardiac induction is very robust, increasing the yield of spontaneously beating cardiomyocytes by at least 20 fold. 	 BACKGROUND
Dorsomorphin, unlike the endogenous BMP antagonist Noggin, robustly induces cardiomyogenesis when treatment is limited to the initial 24-hours of ES cell differentiation. 	 BACKGROUND
Quantitative-PCR analyses of differentiating ES cells indicate that pharmacological inhibition of BMP signaling during the early critical stage promotes the development of the cardiomyocyte lineage, but reduces the differentiation of endothelial, smooth muscle, and hematopoietic cells. 	 BACKGROUND
CONCLUSIONS/ SIGNIFICANCE Administration of a selective small molecule BMP inhibitor during the initial stages of ES cell differentiation substantially promotes the differentiation of primitive pluripotent cells toward the cardiomyocytic lineage, apparently at the expense of other mesodermal lineages. 	 BACKGROUND
Small molecule modulators of developmental pathways like dorsomorphin could become versatile pharmacological tools for stem cell research and regenerative medicine. 	 BACKGROUND
Highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) is being scaled up in developing countries. 	 BACKGROUND
We compared baseline characteristics and outcomes during the first year of HAART between HIV-1-infected patients in low-income and high-income settings. 	 BACKGROUND
18 HAART programmes in Africa, Asia, and South America (low-income settings) and 12 HIV cohort studies from Europe and North America (high-income settings) provided data for 4810 and 22,217, respectively, treatment-naïve adult patients starting HAART. 	 METHODS
All patients from high-income settings and 2725 (57%) patients from low-income settings were actively followed-up and included in survival analyses. 	 METHODS
Compared with high-income countries, patients starting HAART in low-income settings had lower CD4 cell counts (median 108 cells per muL vs 234 cells per muL), were more likely to be female (51%vs 25%), and more likely to start treatment with a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) (70%vs 23%). 	 FINDINGS
At 6 months, the median number of CD4 cells gained (106 cells per muL vs 103 cells per muL) and the percentage of patients reaching HIV-1 RNA levels lower than 500 copies/mL (76%vs 77%) were similar. 	 FINDINGS
Mortality was higher in low-income settings (124 deaths during 2236 person-years of follow-up) than in high-income settings (414 deaths during 20,532 person-years). 	 FINDINGS
The adjusted hazard ratio (HR) of mortality comparing low-income with high-income settings fell from 4.3 (95% CI 1.6-11.8) during the first month to 1.5 (0.7-3.0) during months 7-12. 	 FINDINGS
The provision of treatment free of charge in low-income settings was associated with lower mortality (adjusted HR 0.23; 95% CI 0.08-0.61). 	 FINDINGS
Patients starting HAART in resource-poor settings have increased mortality rates in the first months on therapy, compared with those in developed countries. 	 INTERPRETATION
Timely diagnosis and assessment of treatment eligibility, coupled with free provision of HAART, might reduce this excess mortality. 	 INTERPRETATION
Mammalian phosphoinositide 3-kinases (PI 3-kinases) are involved in receptor-mediated signal transduction and have been implicated in processes such as transformation and mitogenesis through their role in elevating cellular phosphatidylinositol (3,4,5)-trisphosphate. 	 BACKGROUND
Additionally, a PI 3-kinase activity which generates phosphatidylinositol 3-phosphate has been shown to be required for protein trafficking in yeast. 	 BACKGROUND
We have identified a family of three distinct PI 3-kinases in Drosophila, using an approach based on the polymerase chain reaction to amplify a region corresponding to the conserved catalytic domain of PI 3-kinases. 	 RESULTS
One of these family members, PI3K_92D, is closely related to the prototypical PI 3-kinase, p110 alpha; PI3K_59F is homologous to Vps34p, whereas the third, PI3K_68D, is a novel PI 3-kinase which is widely expressed throughout the Drosophila life cycle. 	 RESULTS
The PI3K_68D cDNA encodes a protein of 210 kDa, which lacks sequences implicated in linking p110 PI 3-kinases to p85 adaptor proteins, but contains an amino-terminal proline-rich sequence, which could bind to SH3 domains, and a carboxy-terminal C2 domain. 	 RESULTS
Biochemical analyses demonstrate that PI3K_68D has a novel substrate specificity in vitro, restricted to phosphatidylinositol and phosphatidylinositol 4-phosphate, and is unable to phosphorylate phosphatidylinositol (4,5)-bisphosphate, the implied in vivo substrate for p110. 	 RESULTS
A family of PI 3-kinases in Drosophila, including a novel class represented by PI3K_68D, is described. 	 CONCLUSIONS
PI3K_68D has the potential to bind to signalling molecules containing SH3 domains, lacks p85-adaptor-binding sequences, has a Ca(2+)-independent phospholipid-binding domain and displays a restricted in vitro substrate specificity, so it could define a novel signal transduction pathway. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Rates of hepatitis C (HCV) infection, testing, and treatment were compared among patients with schizophrenia, a substance use disorder, or co-occurring schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder and a substance use disorder and a control group. 	 OBJECTIVE
Information about 293,445 patients of the Northwest Veterans Healthcare Administration was obtained. 	 METHODS
The substance use disorder group constituted 13.6 percent of the sample; the schizophrenia group, 1.6 percent; and the co-occurring-disorders group, 1.4 percent. 	 RESULTS
Respectively, these groups were approximately four, two, and six times as likely as the control group to receive HCV testing and about seven, two, and eight times as likely to be infected. 	 RESULTS
The rate of interferon (IFN) therapy was significantly lower for the substance use group and the group with co-occurring disorders. 	 RESULTS
However, the magnitude of the differences was not substantial, suggesting that these high-risk groups were not excluded from IFN therapy. 	 RESULTS
Hemizygous deficiency of the transcription factor Krüppel-like factor 2 (KLF2) has been shown previously to augment atherosclerosis in hypercholesterolemic mice. 	 RATIONALE
However, the cell type responsible for the increased atherosclerosis due to KLF2 deficiency has not been identified. 	 RATIONALE
This study examined the consequence of myeloid cell-specific KLF2 inactivation in atherosclerosis. 	 RATIONALE
Cell-specific knockout mice were generated by Cre/loxP recombination. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Macrophages isolated from myeloid-specific Klf2 knockout (myeKlf2(-/-)) mice were similar to myeKlf2(+/+) macrophages in response to activation, polarization, and lipid accumulation. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
However, in comparison to myeKlf2(+/+) macrophages, myeKlf2(-/-) macrophages adhered more robustly to endothelial cells. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Neutrophils from myeKlf2(-/-) mice also adhered more robustly to endothelial cells, and fewer myeKlf2(-/-) neutrophils survived in culture over a 24-hour period in comparison with myeKlf2(+/+) neutrophils. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
When myeKlf2(-/-) mice were mated to Ldlr(-/-) mice and then fed a high fat and high cholesterol diet, significant increase in atherosclerosis was observed in the myeKlf2(-/-)Ldlr(-/-) mice compared with myeKlf2(+/+)Ldlr(-/-) littermates. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The increased atherosclerosis in myeKlf2(-/-)Ldlr(-/-) mice was associated with elevated presence of neutrophils and macrophages, with corresponding increase of myeloperoxidase as well as chlorinated and nitrosylated tyrosine epitopes in their lesion areas compared with myeKlf2(+/+)Ldlr(-/-) mice. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
This study documents a role for myeloid KLF2 expression in modulating atherosclerosis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The increased neutrophil accumulation and atherosclerosis progression with myeloid-specific KLF2 deficiency also underscores the importance of neutrophils in promoting vascular oxidative stress and atherosclerosis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Collectively, these results suggest that elevating KLF2 expression may be a novel strategy for prevention and treatment of atherosclerosis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Rates of hospital-onset methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections are reported as decreasing, but recent rates of community-onset S. aureus infections are less known. 	 CONTEXT
To characterize the overall and annual incidence rates of community-onset and hospital-onset S. aureus bacteremia and skin and soft tissue infections (SSTIs) in a national health care system and to evaluate trends in the incidence rates of S. aureus bacteremia and SSTIs and the proportion due to MRSA. 	 OBJECTIVES
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Observational study of all Department of Defense TRICARE beneficiaries from January 2005 through December 2010. 	 OBJECTIVES
Medical record databases were used to identify and classify all annual first-positive S. aureus blood and wound or abscess cultures as methicillin-susceptible S. aureus or MRSA, and as community-onset or hospital-onset infections (isolates collected >3 days after hospital admission). 	 OBJECTIVES
Unadjusted incidence rates per 100,000 person-years of observation, the proportion of infections that was due to MRSA, and annual trends for 2005 through 2010 (examined using the Spearman rank correlation test or the Mantel-Haenszel χ2 test for linear trend). 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
During 56 million person-years (nonactive duty: 47 million person-years; active duty: 9 million person-years), there were 2643 blood and 80,281 wound or abscess annual first-positive S. aureus cultures. 	 RESULTS
Annual incidence rates varied from 3.6 to 6.0 per 100,000 person-years for S. aureus bacteremia and 122.7 to 168.9 per 100,000 person-years for S. aureus SSTIs. 	 RESULTS
The annual incidence rates for community-onset MRSA bacteremia decreased from 1.7 per 100,000 person-years (95% CI, 1.5-2.0 per 100,000 person-years) in 2005 to 1.2 per 100,000 person-years (95% CI, 0.9-1.4 per 100,000 person-years) in 2010 (P = .005 for trend). 	 RESULTS
The annual incidence rates for hospital-onset MRSA bacteremia also decreased from 0.7 per 100,000 person-years (95% CI, 0.6-0.9 per 100,000 person-years) in 2005 to 0.4 per 100,000 person-years (95% CI, 0.3-0.5 per 100,000 person-years) in 2010 (P = .005 for trend). 	 RESULTS
Concurrently, the proportion of community-onset SSTI due to MRSA peaked at 62% in 2006 before decreasing annually to 52% in 2010 (P < .001 for trend). 	 RESULTS
In the Department of Defense population consisting of men and women of all ages from across the United States, the rates of both community-onset and hospital-onset MRSA bacteremia decreased in parallel, while the proportion of community-onset SSTIs due to MRSA has more recently declined. 	 CONCLUSION
Panobinostat is a histone deacetylase inhibitor with antineoplastic and antiangiogenic effects in glioma that may work synergistically with bevacizumab. 	 BACKGROUND
We conducted a multicenter phase II trial of panobinostat combined with bevacizumab in patients with recurrent high-grade glioma (HGG). 	 BACKGROUND
Patients with recurrent HGG were treated with oral panobinostat 30 mg 3 times per week, every other week, in combination with bevacizumab 10 mg/kg every other week. 	 METHODS
The primary endpoint was a 6-month progression-fee survival (PFS6) rate for participants with recurrent glioblastoma (GBM). 	 METHODS
Patients with recurrent anaplastic glioma (AG) were evaluated as an exploratory arm of the study. 	 METHODS
At interim analysis, the GBM arm did not meet criteria for continued accrual, and the GBM arm was closed. 	 RESULTS
A total of 24 patients with GBM were accrued prior to closure. 	 RESULTS
The PFS6 rate was 30.4% (95%, CI 12.4%-50.7%), median PFS was 5 months (range, 3-9 months), and median overall survival (OS) was 9 months (range, 6-19 months). 	 RESULTS
Accrual in the AG arm continued to completion, and a total of 15 patients were enrolled. 	 RESULTS
The PFS6 rate was 46.7% (range, 21%-73%), median PFS was 7 months (range, 2-10 months), and median OS was 17 months (range, 5 months-27 months). 	 RESULTS
This phase II study of panobinostat and bevacizumab in participants with recurrent GBM did not meet criteria for continued accrual, and the GBM cohort of the study was closed. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Although it was reasonably well tolerated, the addition of panobinostat to bevacizumab did not significantly improve PFS6 compared with historical controls of bevacizumab monotherapy in either cohort. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The large-scale emigration of physicians from sub-Saharan Africa (SSA) to high-income nations is a serious development concern. 	 BACKGROUND
Our objective was to determine current emigration trends of SSA physicians found in the physician workforce of the United States. 	 BACKGROUND
We analyzed physician data from the World Health Organization (WHO) Global Health Workforce Statistics along with graduation and residency data from the 2011 American Medical Association Physician Masterfile (AMA-PM) on physicians trained or born in SSA countries who currently practice in the US. 	 METHODS
We estimated emigration proportions, year of US entry, years of practice before emigration, and length of time in the US. 	 METHODS
According to the 2011 AMA-PM, 10,819 physicians were born or trained in 28 SSA countries. 	 RESULTS
Sixty-eight percent (n = 7,370) were SSA-trained, 20% (n = 2,126) were US-trained, and 12% (n = 1,323) were trained outside both SSA and the US. 	 RESULTS
We estimated active physicians (age ≤ 70 years) to represent 96% (n = 10,377) of the total. 	 RESULTS
Migration trends among SSA-trained physicians increased from 2002 to 2011 for all but one principal source country; the exception was South Africa whose physician migration to the US decreased by 8% (-156). 	 RESULTS
The increase in last-decade migration was >50% in Nigeria (+1,113) and Ghana (+243), >100% in Ethiopia (+274), and >200% (+244) in Sudan. 	 RESULTS
Liberia was the most affected by migration to the US with 77% (n = 175) of its estimated physicians in the 2011 AMA-PM. 	 RESULTS
On average, SSA-trained physicians have been in the US for 18 years. 	 RESULTS
They practiced for 6.5 years before US entry, and nearly half emigrated during the implementation years (1984-1999) of the structural adjustment programs. 	 RESULTS
Physician emigration from SSA to the US is increasing for most SSA source countries. 	 CONCLUSION
Unless far-reaching policies are implemented by the US and SSA countries, the current emigration trends will persist, and the US will remain a leading destination for SSA physicians emigrating from the continent of greatest need. 	 CONCLUSION
Please see later in the article for the Editors' Summary. 	 CONCLUSION
To evaluate the efficacy and relative adverse effects of tricyclic antidepressants in the treatment of migraine, tension-type, and mixed headaches. 	 OBJECTIVE
Meta-analysis. 	 DESIGN
Medline, Embase, the Cochrane Trials Registry, and PsycLIT. 	 DATA SOURCES
Studies reviewed Randomised trials of adults receiving tricyclics as only treatment for a minimum of four weeks. 	 DATA SOURCES
Frequency of headaches (number of headache attacks for migraine and number of days with headache for tension-type headaches), intensity of headache, and headache index. 	 DATA EXTRACTION
37 studies met the inclusion criteria. 	 RESULTS
Tricyclics significantly reduced the number of days with tension-type headache and number of headache attacks from migraine than placebo (average standardised mean difference -1.29, 95% confidence interval -2.18 to -0.39 and -0.70, -0.93 to -0.48) but not compared with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (-0.80, -2.63 to 0.02 and -0.20, -0.60 to 0.19). 	 RESULTS
The effect of tricyclics increased with longer duration of treatment (β=-0.11, 95% confidence interval -0.63 to -0.15; P<0.0005). 	 RESULTS
Tricyclics were also more likely to reduce the intensity of headaches by at least 50% than either placebo (tension-type: relative risk 1.41, 95% confidence interval 1.02 to 1.89; migraine: 1.80, 1.24 to 2.62) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (1.73, 1.34 to 2.22 and 1.72, 1.15 to 2.55). 	 RESULTS
Tricyclics were more likely to cause adverse effects than placebo (1.53, 95% confidence interval 1.11 to 2.12) and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (2.22, 1.52 to 3.32), including dry mouth (P<0.0005 for both), drowsiness (P<0.0005 for both), and weight gain (P<0.001 for both), but did not increase dropout rates (placebo: 1.22, 0.83 to 1.80, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors: 1.16, 0.81 to 2.97). 	 RESULTS
Tricyclic antidepressants are effective in preventing migraine and tension-type headaches and are more effective than selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, although with greater adverse effects. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The effectiveness of tricyclics seems to increase over time. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To estimate the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) of single-agent PF-04449913, and to evaluate safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, and preliminary antitumor activity in patients with advanced tumors. 	 PURPOSE
A 3+3 design was used in this open-label, multicenter, phase I study and dose escalation/de-escalation applied until identification of the MTD. 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
PF-04449913 was orally administered once daily in continuous 28-day treatment cycles. 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
The starting dose was 80 mg. 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
A total of 23 patients were enrolled; 19 were evaluable for first-cycle dose-limiting toxicity (DLT). 	 RESULTS
The first-cycle DLT rate at the 640 mg dose level was 33.3%, and the MTD was estimated to be 320 mg once daily. 	 RESULTS
The recommended phase II dose was not determined. 	 RESULTS
PF-04449913 was generally well tolerated at doses of 80 to 320 mg once daily. 	 RESULTS
The most common treatment-related adverse events (AE) were grade 1-2 dysgeusia, fatigue, decreased appetite, nausea, dizziness, dehydration, and diarrhea. 	 RESULTS
Treatment-related grade 3 AEs only occurred in patients receiving PF-04449913 640 mg once daily. 	 RESULTS
No treatment-related grade 4-5 AEs were reported. 	 RESULTS
Pharmacokinetic analysis indicated a generally dose-proportional kinetics with biphasic elimination, supporting once-daily dosing. 	 RESULTS
PF-04449913 modulated hedgehog signaling at the dose levels tested, as demonstrated by >80% downregulation of GLI1 expression in the skin of treated patients. 	 RESULTS
Eight patients (34.8%) achieved stable disease; none had complete or partial response. 	 RESULTS
Three patients with disease progression at enrollment had prolonged disease stabilization (≥6 months). 	 RESULTS
The results obtained in this study support further evaluation of PF-04449913 in patients with advanced solid tumors. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Results of the few cohort studies from countries with low incomes or middle incomes suggest a lower incidence of dementia than in high-income countries. 	 BACKGROUND
We assessed incidence of dementia according to criteria from the 10/66 Dementia Research Group and Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) IV, the effect of dementia at baseline on mortality, and the independent effects of age, sex, socioeconomic position, and indicators of cognitive reserve. 	 BACKGROUND
We did a population-based cohort study of all people aged 65 years and older living in urban sites in Cuba, the Dominican Republic, and Venezuela, and rural and urban sites in Peru, Mexico, and China, with ascertainment of incident 10/66 and DSM-IV dementia 3-5 years after cohort inception. 	 METHODS
We used questionnaires to obtain information about age in years, sex, educational level, literacy, occupational attainment, and number of household assets. 	 METHODS
We obtained information about mortality from all sites. 	 METHODS
For participants who had died, we interviewed a friend or relative to ascertain the likelihood that they had dementia before death. 	 METHODS
12,887 participants were interviewed at baseline. 	 FINDINGS
11,718 were free of dementia, of whom 8137 (69%) were reinterviewed, contributing 34,718 person-years of follow-up. 	 FINDINGS
Incidence for 10/66 dementia varied between 18·2 and 30·4 per 1000 person-years, and were 1·4-2·7 times higher than were those for DSM-IV dementia (9·9-15·7 per 1000 person-years). 	 FINDINGS
Mortality hazards were 1·56-5·69 times higher in individuals with dementia at baseline than in those who were dementia-free. 	 FINDINGS
Informant reports suggested a high incidence of dementia before death; overall incidence might be 4-19% higher if these data were included. 	 FINDINGS
10/66 dementia incidence was independently associated with increased age (HR 1·67; 95% CI 1·56-1·79), female sex (0·72; 0·61-0·84), and low education (0·89; 0·81-0·97), but not with occupational attainment (1·04; 0·95-1·13). 	 FINDINGS
Our results provide supportive evidence for the cognitive reserve hypothesis, showing that in middle-income countries as in high-income countries, education, literacy, verbal fluency, and motor sequencing confer substantial protection against the onset of dementia. 	 INTERPRETATION
Wellcome Trust Health Consequences of Population Change Programme, WHO, US Alzheimer's Association, FONACIT/ CDCH/ UCV. 	 FUNDING
To provide direct estimates of risk of cancer after protracted low doses of ionising radiation and to strengthen the scientific basis of radiation protection standards for environmental, occupational, and medical diagnostic exposures. 	 OBJECTIVES
Multinational retrospective cohort study of cancer mortality. 	 DESIGN
Cohorts of workers in the nuclear industry in 15 countries. 	 SETTING
407 391 workers individually monitored for external radiation with a total follow-up of 5.2 million person years. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Estimates of excess relative risks per sievert (Sv) of radiation dose for mortality from cancers other than leukaemia and from leukaemia excluding chronic lymphocytic leukaemia, the main causes of death considered by radiation protection authorities. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASUREMENTS
The excess relative risk for cancers other than leukaemia was 0.97 per Sv, 95% confidence interval 0.14 to 1.97. 	 RESULTS
Analyses of causes of death related or unrelated to smoking indicate that, although confounding by smoking may be present, it is unlikely to explain all of this increased risk. 	 RESULTS
The excess relative risk for leukaemia excluding chronic lymphocytic leukaemia was 1.93 per Sv (< 0 to 8.47). 	 RESULTS
On the basis of these estimates, 1-2% of deaths from cancer among workers in this cohort may be attributable to radiation. 	 RESULTS
These estimates, from the largest study of nuclear workers ever conducted, are higher than, but statistically compatible with, the risk estimates used for current radiation protection standards. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The results suggest that there is a small excess risk of cancer, even at the low doses and dose rates typically received by nuclear workers in this study. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Vaso-occlusion is central to the painful crises and acute and chronic organ damage in sickle cell disease. 	 CONTEXT
Abnormal nitric oxide-dependent regulation of vascular tone, adhesion, platelet activation, and inflammation contributes to the pathophysiology of vaso-occlusion. 	 CONTEXT
Nitric oxide may have promise as a mechanism-of-disease-based therapy for treatment of vaso-occlusion. 	 CONTEXT
To explore the efficacy and safety of inhaled nitric oxide (INO) for treatment of vaso-occlusive crisis in pediatric patients. 	 OBJECTIVE
Prospective, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial with enrollment between September 1999 and October 2001. 	 DESIGN
Urban, tertiary care children's hospital in the United States. 	 SETTING
Twenty patients aged 10 to 21 years with sickle cell disease and severe acute vaso-occlusive crisis. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Patients were randomly assigned to receive INO (80 ppm with 21% final concentration of inspired oxygen; n = 10), or placebo (21% inspired oxygen; n = 10) for 4 hours. 	 INTERVENTION
Change in pain at 4 hours of inhalation compared with preinhalation pain, measured on a 10-cm visual analog scale (VAS); secondary outcome measures were pain over 6 hours, parenteral narcotic use over 24 hours, duration of hospitalization, blood pressure, oxygen saturation, and methemoglobin concentration. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Preinhalation VAS pain scores were similar in the INO and placebo groups (P =.80). 	 RESULTS
The decrease in VAS pain scores at 4 hours was 2.0 cm in the INO group and 1.2 cm in the placebo group (P =.37). 	 RESULTS
Repeated-measures analysis of variance for hourly pain scores showed a 1-cm/h greater reduction in the INO group than the placebo group (P =.02). 	 RESULTS
Morphine use over 6 hours was significantly less in the INO group (mean cumulative use, 0.29 vs 0.44 mg/kg; P =.03) but was not different over 4 hours (0.26 vs 0.32 mg/kg; P =.21) or 24 hours (0.63 vs 0.91 mg/kg; P =.15). 	 RESULTS
Duration of hospitalization was 78 and 100 hours in the INO and placebo groups, respectively (P =.19). 	 RESULTS
No INO toxicity was observed. 	 RESULTS
Results of this exploratory study suggest that INO may be beneficial for acute vaso-occlusive crisis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These preliminary results warrant further investigation. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Chronic low back pain (LBP) with degenerative lumbar osteoarthritis (OA) is widespread in the adult population. 	 CONTEXT
Although glucosamine is increasingly used by patients with chronic LBP, little is known about its effect in this setting. 	 CONTEXT
To investigate the effect of glucosamine in patients with chronic LBP and degenerative lumbar OA. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial conducted at Oslo University Hospital Outpatient Clinic, Oslo, Norway, with 250 patients older than 25 years of age with chronic LBP (>6 months) and degenerative lumbar OA. 	 OBJECTIVE
Daily intake of 1500 mg of oral glucosamine (n = 125) or placebo (n = 125) for 6 months, with assessment of effect after the 6-month intervention period and at 1 year (6 months postintervention). 	 INTERVENTIONS
The primary outcome was pain-related disability measured with the Roland Morris Disability Questionnaire (RMDQ). 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Secondary outcomes were numerical scores from pain-rating scales of patients at rest and during activity, and the quality-of-life EuroQol-5 Dimensions (EQ-5D) instrument. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Data collection occurred during the intervention period at baseline, 6 weeks, 3 and 6 months, and again 6 months following the intervention at 1 year. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Group differences were analyzed using linear mixed models analysis. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
At baseline, mean RMDQ scores were 9.2 (95% confidence interval [CI], 8.4-10.0) for glucosamine and 9.7 (95% CI, 8.9-10.5) for the placebo group (P = .37). 	 RESULTS
At 6 months, the mean RMDQ score was the same for the glucosamine and placebo groups (5.0; 95% CI, 4.2-5.8). 	 RESULTS
At 1 year, the mean RMDQ scores were 4.8 (95% CI, 3.9-5.6) for glucosamine and 5.5 (95% CI, 4.7-6.4) for the placebo group. 	 RESULTS
No statistically significant difference in change between groups was found when assessed after the 6-month intervention period and at 1 year: RMDQ (P = .72), LBP at rest (P = .91), LBP during activity (P = .97), and quality-of-life EQ-5D (P = .20). 	 RESULTS
Mild adverse events were reported in 40 patients in the glucosamine group and 46 in the placebo group (P = .48). 	 RESULTS
Among patients with chronic LBP and degenerative lumbar OA, 6-month treatment with oral glucosamine compared with placebo did not result in reduced pain-related disability after the 6-month intervention and after 1-year follow-up. 	 CONCLUSIONS
clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00404079. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
There are only few small studies assessing potential risk factors, comorbidity, and prognostic factors in adult spontaneous cervicocerebral artery dissection (CAD). 	 BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE
We conducted a retrospective, hospital-based analysis on the prognostic factors and association of CAD with vascular risk factors in 301 consecutive Finnish patients, diagnosed from 1994 to 2007. 	 METHODS
Two thirds of the patients were men (68%). 	 RESULTS
Women were younger than men. 	 RESULTS
Migraine (36% of all patients), especially with visual aura (63% of all migraineurs), and smoking were more common in patients with CAD compared with the general Finnish population. 	 RESULTS
At 3 months, 247 (83%) patients reached a favorable outcome. 	 RESULTS
Occlusion of the dissected artery, internal carotid artery dissection (ICAD), and recent infection in infarction patients were associated with a poorer outcome. 	 RESULTS
patients had less often brain infarction, but the strokes they had were more severe. 	 ICAD
Seven (2.3%) patients died during the follow-up (mean 4.0 years, 1186 patient years). 	 ICAD
Six (2%) patients had verified CAD recurrence. 	 ICAD
This study provides evidence for the association of CAD with male sex, and possible association with smoking and migraine. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Occlusion of the dissected artery, ICAD, and infection appear to be associated with poorer outcome. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Data on genetic susceptibility to sporadic gastric carcinoma have been published at a growing pace, but to date no comprehensive overview and quantitative summary has been available. 	 BACKGROUND
We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of the evidence on the association between DNA variation and risk of developing stomach cancer. 	 METHODS
To assess result credibility, summary evidence was graded according to the Venice criteria and false positive report probability (FPRP) was calculated to further validate result noteworthiness. 	 METHODS
Meta-analysis was also conducted for subgroups, which were defined by ethnicity (Asian vs Caucasian), tumour histology (intestinal vs diffuse), tumour site (cardia vs non-cardia) and Helicobacter pylori infection status (positive vs negative). 	 METHODS
Literature search identified 824 eligible studies comprising 2 530 706 subjects (cases: 261 386 (10.3%)) and investigating 2841 polymorphisms involving 952 distinct genes. 	 RESULTS
Overall, we performed 456 primary and subgroup meta-analyses on 156 variants involving 101 genes. 	 RESULTS
We identified 11 variants significantly associated with disease risk and assessed to have a high level of summary evidence: MUC1 rs2070803 at 1q22 (diffuse carcinoma subgroup), MTX1 rs2075570 at 1q22 (diffuse), PSCA rs2294008 at 8q24.2 (non-cardia), PRKAA1 rs13361707 5p13 (non-cardia), PLCE1 rs2274223 10q23 (cardia), TGFBR2 rs3087465 3p22 (Asian), PKLR rs3762272 1q22 (diffuse), PSCA rs2976392 (intestinal), GSTP1 rs1695 11q13 (Asian), CASP8 rs3834129 2q33 (mixed) and TNF rs1799724 6p21.3 (mixed), with the first nine variants characterised by a low FPRP. 	 RESULTS
We also identified polymorphisms with lower quality significant associations (n=110). 	 RESULTS
We have identified several high-quality biomarkers of gastric cancer susceptibility. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These data will form the backbone of an annually updated online resource that will be integral to the study of gastric carcinoma genetics and may inform future screening programmes. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Use of antiretroviral drugs, including protease inhibitors, for treatment of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection has been anecdotally associated with hepatotoxicity, particularly in persons coinfected with hepatitis C or B virus. 	 CONTEXT
To ascertain if incidence of severe hepatotoxicity during antiretroviral therapy is similar for all antiretroviral drug combinations, and to define the role of chronic viral hepatitis in its development. 	 OBJECTIVES
Prospective cohort study. 	 DESIGN
University-based urban HIV clinic. 	 SETTING
A total of 298 patients who were prescribed new antiretroviral therapies between January 1996 and January 1998, 211 (71%) of whom received protease inhibitors as part of combination therapy (median follow-up, 182 days) and 87 (29%) of whom received dual nucleoside analog regimens (median follow-up, 167 days). 	 PATIENTS
Chronic hepatitis C and B virus infection was present in 154 (52%) and 8 (2.7%) patients, respectively. 	 PATIENTS
Severe hepatotoxicity, defined as a grade 3 or 4 change in levels of serum alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminotransferase, evaluated before and during therapy. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
Severe hepatotoxicity was observed in 31 (10.4%) of 298 patients (95% confidence interval [CI], 7.2%-14.4%). 	 RESULTS
Ritonavir use was associated with a higher incidence of toxicity (30%; 95% CI, 17.9% -44.6%). 	 RESULTS
However, no significant difference was detected in hepatotoxicity incidence in other treatment groups, ie, nucleoside analogs (5.7%; 95% CI, 1.2%-12.9%), nelfinavir (5.9%; 95% CI, 1.2%-16.2%), saquinavir (5.9%; 95% CI, 0.15%-28.7%), and indinavir(6.8%; 95% CI, 3.0%-13.1 %). 	 RESULTS
Although chronicviral hepatitis was associated with an increased risk of severe hepatotoxicity among patients prescribed nonritonavir regimens (relative risk, 3.7; 95% CI, 1.0-11.8), most patients with chronic hepatitis C or B virus infection (88%) did not experience significant toxic effects. 	 RESULTS
Rate of severe toxicity with use of any protease inhibitor in patients with hepatitis C infection was 12.2% (13/107; 95% CI, 6.6%-19.9%). 	 RESULTS
In multivariate logistic regression, only ritonavir (adjusted odds ratio [AOR], 8.6; 95% CI, 3.0-24.6) and a CD4 cell count increase of more than 0.05 x 10(9)/L (AOR, 3.6; 95% CI, 1.0-12.9) were associated with severe hepatotoxicity. 	 RESULTS
No irreversible outcomes were seen in patients with severe hepatotoxicity. 	 RESULTS
Our data indicate that use of ritonavir may increase risk of severe hepatotoxicity. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Although hepatotoxicity may be more common in persons with chronic viral hepatitis, these data do not support withholding protease inhibitor therapy from persons coinfected with hepatitis B or C virus. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To examine trends in life expectancy at birth and age and cause specific patterns of mortality in the former German Democratic Republic (GDR) and Poland during political transition and throughout the 1990s in both parts of Germany and in Poland. 	 OBJECTIVES
Decomposition of life expectancy by age and cause of death. 	 METHODS
Changes in life expectancy during transition by cause of death were examined using data for 1988/89 and 1990/91 for the former GDR and Poland; examination of life expectancy changes after transition were based on 1992-97 data for Germany and 1991-96 data for Poland. 	 METHODS
In both the former GDR and Poland male life expectancy at birth declined by almost one year during transition, mainly attributable to rising death rates from external causes and circulatory diseases. 	 RESULTS
Female life expectancy in Poland deteriorated by 0.3 years, largely attributable to increasing circulatory mortality among the old, while in East German female rising death rates in children and young adults were nearly outbalanced by declining circulatory mortality among those over 70. 	 RESULTS
Between 1991/92 and 1996/97, male life expectancy at birth increased by 2.4 years in the former GDR, 1.2 years in old Federal Republic, and 2.0 years in Poland (women: 2.3, 0.9, and 1.2 years). 	 RESULTS
In East Germany and Poland, the overall improvement was largely attributable to falling mortality among men aged 40-64, while those over 65 contributed the largest proportion to life expectancy gains in women. 	 RESULTS
The change in deaths among men aged 15-39 accounted for 0.4 of a year to life expectancy at birth in East Germany and Poland, attributable largely to greater decreases from external causes. 	 RESULTS
Among those over 40, absolute contributions to changing life expectancy were greater in the former GDR than in the other two entities in both sexes, largely attributable to circulatory diseases. 	 RESULTS
A persisting East-west life expectancy gap in Germany of 2.1 years in men in 1997 was largely attributable to external causes, diseases of the digestive system and circulatory diseases. 	 RESULTS
Higher death rates from circulatory diseases among the elderly largely explain the female life expectancy gap of approximately one year. 	 RESULTS
This study provides further insights into the health effects of political transition. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Post-transition improvements in life expectancy and mortality have been much steeper in East Germany compared with Poland. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Changes in dietary pattern and, in Germany, medical care may have been important factors in shaping post-transition mortality trends. 	 CONCLUSIONS
For the last 40 yr, the first line of treatment for anovulation in infertile women has been clomiphene citrate (CC). 	 CONTEXT
CC is a safe, effective oral agent but is known to have relatively common antiestrogenic endometrial and cervical mucous side effects that could prevent pregnancy in the face of successful ovulation. 	 CONTEXT
In addition, there is a significant risk of multiple pregnancy with CC, compared with natural cycles. 	 CONTEXT
Because of these problems, we proposed the concept of aromatase inhibition as a new method of ovulation induction that could avoid many of the adverse effects of CC. 	 CONTEXT
The objective of this review was to describe the different physiological mechanisms of action for CC and aromatase inhibitors (AIs) and compare studies of efficacy for both agents for ovulation induction. 	 CONTEXT
We conducted a systematic review of all the published studies, both controlled and noncontrolled, comparing CC and AI treatment, either alone or in combination with gonadotropins, for ovulation induction or augmentation, identified through the Entrez-PubMed search engine. 	 EVIDENCE ACQUISITION
Because of the recent acceptance of the concept of using AIs for ovulation induction, few controlled studies were identified, and the rest of the studies were pilot or preliminary comparisons. 	 EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS
Based on these studies, it appears that AIs are as effective as CC in inducing ovulation, are devoid of any antiestrogenic side effects, result in lower serum estrogen concentrations, and are associated with good pregnancy rates with a lower incidence of multiple pregnancy than CC. 	 EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS
When combined with gonadotropins for assisted reproductive technologies, AIs reduce the dose of FSH required for optimal follicle recruitment and improve the response to FSH in poor responders. 	 EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS
Preliminary evidence suggests that AIs may replace CC in the future because of similar efficacy with a reduced side effect profile. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Although worldwide experience with AIs for ovulation induction is increasing, at present, definitive studies in the form of randomized controlled trials comparing CC with AIs are lacking. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Self-reported health status in underserved population of prisoners has not been extensively explored. 	 BACKGROUND
The purposes of this cross-sectional study were to assess self-reported health, quality of life, and access to health services in a sample of male prisoners of Italy. 	 BACKGROUND
A total of 908 prisoners received a self-administered anonymous questionnaire pertaining on demographic and detention characteristics, self-reported health status and quality of life, access to health services, lifestyles, and participation to preventive, social, and rehabilitation programs. 	 METHODS
A total of 650 prisoners agreed to participate in the study and returned the questionnaire. 	 METHODS
Respectively, 31.6% and 43.5% of prisoners reported a poor perceived health status and a poor quality of life, and 60% admitted that their health was worsened or greatly worsened during the prison stay. 	 RESULTS
Older age, lower education, psychiatric disorders, self-reported health problems on prison entry, and suicide attempts within prison were significantly associated with a perceived worse health status. 	 RESULTS
At the time of the questionnaire delivery, 30% of the prisoners self-reported a health problem present on prison entry and 82% present at the time of the survey. 	 RESULTS
Most frequently reported health problems included dental health problems, arthritis or joint pain, eye problems, gastrointestinal diseases, emotional problems, and high blood pressure. 	 RESULTS
On average, prisoners encountered general practitioners six times during the previous year, and the frequency of medical encounters was significantly associated with older age, sentenced prisoners, psychiatric disorders, and self-reported health problems on prison entry. 	 RESULTS
The findings suggest that prisoners have a perceived poor health status, specific care needs and health promotion programs are seldom offered. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Programs for correction of risk behaviour and prevention of long-term effects of incarceration on prisoners' health are strongly needed. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Multilevel models (MLM) offer complex survey data analysts a unique approach to understanding individual and contextual determinants of public health. 	 BACKGROUND
However, little summarized guidance exists with regard to fitting MLM in complex survey data with design weights. 	 BACKGROUND
Simulation work suggests that analysts should scale design weights using two methods and fit the MLM using unweighted and scaled-weighted data. 	 BACKGROUND
This article examines the performance of scaled-weighted and unweighted analyses across a variety of MLM and software programs. 	 BACKGROUND
Using data from the 2005-2006 National Survey of Children with Special Health Care Needs (NS-CSHCN: n = 40,723) that collected data from children clustered within states, I examine the performance of scaling methods across outcome type (categorical vs. continuous), model type (level-1, level-2, or combined), and software (Mplus, MLwiN, and GLLAMM). 	 METHODS
Scaled weighted estimates and standard errors differed slightly from unweighted analyses, agreeing more with each other than with unweighted analyses. 	 RESULTS
However, observed differences were minimal and did not lead to different inferential conclusions. 	 RESULTS
Likewise, results demonstrated minimal differences across software programs, increasing confidence in results and inferential conclusions independent of software choice. 	 RESULTS
If including design weights in MLM, analysts should scale the weights and use software that properly includes the scaled weights in the estimation. 	 CONCLUSION
To evaluate the effectiveness of integrated care for chronic physical diseases and depression in reducing disability and improving quality of life. 	 OBJECTIVE
A randomised controlled trial of multi-condition collaborative care for depression and poorly controlled diabetes and/or risk factors for coronary heart disease compared with usual care among middle aged and elderly people   SETTING Fourteen primary care clinics in Seattle, Washington.   PARTICIPANTS Patients with diabetes or coronary heart disease, or both, and blood pressure above 140/90 mm Hg, low density lipoprotein concentration >3.37 mmol/L, or glycated haemoglobin 8.5% or higher, and PHQ-9 depression scores of ≥ 10. 	 DESIGN
A 12 month intervention to improve depression, glycaemic control, blood pressure, and lipid control by integrating a "treat to target" programme for diabetes and risk factors for coronary heart disease with collaborative care for depression. 	 INTERVENTION
The intervention combined self management support, monitoring of disease control, and pharmacotherapy to control depression, hyperglycaemia, hypertension, and hyperlipidaemia. 	 INTERVENTION
Social role disability (Sheehan disability scale), global quality of life rating, and World Health Organization disability assessment schedule (WHODAS-2) scales to measure disabilities in activities of daily living (mobility, self care, household maintenance). 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Of 214 patients enrolled (106 intervention and 108 usual care), disability and quality of life measures were obtained for 97 intervention patients at six months (92%) and 92 at 12 months (87%), and for 96 usual care patients at six months (89%) and 92 at 12 months (85%). 	 RESULTS
Improvements from baseline on the Sheehan disability scale (-0.9, 95% confidence interval -1.5 to -0.2; P = 0.006) and global quality of life rating (0.7, 0.2 to 1.2; P = 0.005) were significantly greater at six and 12 months in patients in the intervention group. 	 RESULTS
There was a trend toward greater improvement in disabilities in activities of daily living (-1.5, -3.3 to 0.4; P = 0.10). 	 RESULTS
Integrated care that covers chronic physical disease and comorbid depression can reduce social role disability and enhance global quality of life. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Trial registration Clinical Trials NCT00468676. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Data on absolute risks of outcomes and patterns of drug use in cost-effectiveness analyses are often based on randomised clinical trials (RCTs). 	 BACKGROUND
The objective of this study was to evaluate the external validity of published cost-effectiveness studies by comparing the data used in these studies (typically based on RCTs) to observational data from actual clinical practice. 	 BACKGROUND
Selective Cox-2 inhibitors (coxibs) were used as an example. 	 BACKGROUND
The UK General Practice Research Database (GPRD) was used to estimate the exposure characteristics and individual probabilities of upper gastrointestinal (GI) events during current exposure to nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) or coxibs. 	 METHODS
A basic cost-effectiveness model was developed evaluating two alternative strategies: prescription of a conventional NSAID or coxib. 	 METHODS
Outcomes included upper GI events as recorded in GPRD and hospitalisation for upper GI events recorded in the national registry of hospitalisations (Hospital Episode Statistics) linked to GPRD. 	 METHODS
Prescription costs were based on the prescribed number of tables as recorded in GPRD and the 2006 cost data from the British National Formulary. 	 METHODS
The study population included over 1 million patients prescribed conventional NSAIDs or coxibs. 	 METHODS
Only a minority of patients used the drugs long-term and daily (34.5% of conventional NSAIDs and 44.2% of coxibs), whereas coxib RCTs required daily use for at least 6-9 months. 	 RESULTS
The mean cost of preventing one upper GI event as recorded in GPRD was US$104k (ranging from US$64k with long-term daily use to US$182k with intermittent use) and US$298k for hospitalizations. 	 RESULTS
The mean costs (for GPRD events) over calendar time were US$58k during 1990-1993 and US$174k during 2002-2005. 	 RESULTS
Using RCT data rather than GPRD data for event probabilities, the mean cost was US$16k with the VIGOR RCT and US$20k with the CLASS RCT. 	 RESULTS
The published cost-effectiveness analyses of coxibs lacked external validity, did not represent patients in actual clinical practice, and should not have been used to inform prescribing policies. 	 CONCLUSIONS
External validity should be an explicit requirement for cost-effectiveness analyses. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Long-lasting insecticide treated nets (LLINs) and indoor residual house spraying (IRS) are the main interventions for the control of malaria vectors in Zanzibar. 	 BACKGROUND
The aim of the present study was to assess the susceptibility status of malaria vectors against the insecticides used for LLINs and IRS and to determine the durability and efficacy of LLINs on the island. 	 BACKGROUND
Mosquitoes were sampled from Pemba and Unguja islands in 2010-2011 for use in WHO susceptibility tests. 	 METHODS
One hundred and fifty LLINs were collected from households on Unguja, their physical state was recorded and then tested for efficacy as well as total insecticide content. 	 METHODS
Species identification revealed that over 90% of the Anopheles gambiae complex was An. 	 RESULTS
arabiensis with a small number of An. 	 RESULTS
gambiae s.s. and An. 	 RESULTS
merus being present. 	 RESULTS
Susceptibility tests showed that An. 	 RESULTS
arabiensis on Pemba was resistant to the pyrethroids used for LLINs and IRS. 	 RESULTS
Mosquitoes from Unguja Island, however, were fully susceptible to all pyrethroids tested. 	 RESULTS
A physical examination of 150 LLINs showed that two thirds were damaged after only three years in use. 	 RESULTS
All used nets had a significantly lower (p < 0.001) mean permethrin concentration of 791.6 mg/m2 compared with 944.2 mg/m2 for new ones. 	 RESULTS
Their efficacy decreased significantly against both susceptible An. 	 RESULTS
gambiae s.s. 	 RESULTS
colony mosquitoes and wild-type mosquitoes from Pemba after just six washes (p < 0.001). 	 RESULTS
The sustainability of the gains achieved in malaria control in Zanzibar is seriously threatened by the resistance of malaria vectors to pyrethroids and the short-lived efficacy of LLINs. 	 CONCLUSION
This study has revealed that even in relatively well-resourced and logistically manageable places like Zanzibar, malaria elimination is going to be difficult to achieve with the current control measures. 	 CONCLUSION
Both tumor-associated macrophages (TAMs) and the epithelial to mesenchymal transition (EMT) of cancer cells play key roles in promoting tumor progression. 	 BACKGROUND
However, whether TAMs could induce EMT in the progression of oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) remains undefined. 	 BACKGROUND
Here we detected the expression of macrophages markers CD68 and CD163, epithelial marker E-cadherin and mesenchymal marker vimentin in 127 OSCC patients by using semi-quantitative immunohistochemistry. 	 RESULTS
CD68 and CD163 expression was not confined to the infiltrating TAMs, but also detected in cancer cells. 	 RESULTS
The high number of CD68-positive macrophages was correlated with poor overall survival. 	 RESULTS
Meanwhile, the expression of CD163 both in macrophages and in cancer cells was associated with poor overall survival and had a significant prognostic impact in OSCC. 	 RESULTS
Importantly, the expression of CD163 in cancer cells had a significant relationship with E-cadherin and vimentin. 	 RESULTS
Furthermore, the incubation of TAMs conditioned medium resulted in a fibroblast-like appearance of cancer cells (HN4, HN6 and SCC9) together with the decreased/increased expression of E-cadherin/ vimentin, which were correlated with the enhanced ability of migration and invasion. 	 RESULTS
Our results indicate that TAMs could promote the EMT of cancer cells, thereby leading to the progression of oral cancer. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Elderly and frail patients with cancer, although often treated with chemotherapy, are under-represented in clinical trials. 	 BACKGROUND
We designed FOCUS2 to investigate reduced-dose chemotherapy options and to seek objective predictors of outcome in frail patients with advanced colorectal cancer. 	 BACKGROUND
We undertook an open, 2 × 2 factorial trial in 61 UK centres for patients with previously untreated advanced colorectal cancer who were considered unfit for full-dose chemotherapy. 	 METHODS
After comprehensive health assessment (CHA), patients were randomly assigned by minimisation to: 48-h intravenous fluorouracil with levofolinate (group A); oxaliplatin and fluorouracil (group B); capecitabine (group C); or oxaliplatin and capecitabine (group D). 	 METHODS
Treatment allocation was not masked. 	 METHODS
Starting doses were 80% of standard doses, with discretionary escalation to full dose after 6 weeks. 	 METHODS
The two primary outcome measures were: addition of oxaliplatin ([A vs B] + [C vs D]), assessed with progression-free survival (PFS); and substitution of fluorouracil with capecitabine ([A vs C] + [B vs D]), assessed by change from baseline to 12 weeks in global quality of life (QoL). 	 METHODS
Analysis was by intention to treat. 	 METHODS
Baseline clinical and CHA data were modelled against outcomes with a novel composite measure, overall treatment utility (OTU). 	 METHODS
This study is registered, number ISRCTN21221452. 	 METHODS
459 patients were randomly assigned (115 to each of groups A-C, 114 to group D). 	 FINDINGS
Factorial comparison of addition of oxaliplatin versus no addition suggested some improvement in PFS, but the finding was not significant (median 5·8 months [IQR 3·3-7·5] vs 4·5 months [2·8-6·4]; hazard ratio 0·84, 95% CI 0·69-1·01, p=0·07). 	 FINDINGS
Replacement of fluorouracil with capecitabine did not improve global QoL: 69 of 124 (56%) patients receiving fluorouracil reported improvement in global QoL compared with 69 of 123 (56%) receiving capecitabine. 	 FINDINGS
The risk of having any grade 3 or worse toxic effect was not significantly increased with oxaliplatin (83/219 [38%] vs 70/221 [32%]; p=0·17), but was higher with capecitabine than with fluorouracil (88/222 [40%] vs 65/218 [30%]; p=0·03). 	 FINDINGS
In multivariable analysis, fewer baseline symptoms (odds ratio 1·32, 95% CI 1·14-1·52), less widespread disease (1·51, 1·05-2·19), and use of oxaliplatin (0·57, 0·39-0·82) were predictive of better OTU. 	 FINDINGS
FOCUS2 shows that with an appropriate design, including reduced starting doses of chemotherapy, frail and elderly patients can participate in a randomised controlled trial. 	 INTERPRETATION
On balance, a combination including oxaliplatin was preferable to single-agent fluoropyrimidines, although the primary endpoint of PFS was not met. 	 INTERPRETATION
Capecitabine did not improve QoL compared with fluorouracil. 	 INTERPRETATION
Comprehensive baseline assessment holds promise as an objective predictor of treatment benefit. 	 INTERPRETATION
Cancer Research UK and the Medical Research Council. 	 FUNDING
To determine whether ultrasound imaging can reduce the risk of failed lumbar punctures or epidural catheterisations, when compared with standard palpation methods, and whether ultrasound imaging can reduce traumatic procedures, insertion attempts, and needle redirections. 	 OBJECTIVE
Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials. 	 DESIGN
Ovid Medline, Embase, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials up to May 2012, without restriction by language or publication status. 	 DATA SOURCES
Randomised trials that compared ultrasound imaging with standard methods (no imaging) in the performance of a lumbar puncture or epidural catheterisation were identified. 	 REVIEW METHODS
14 studies with a total of 1334 patients were included (674 patients assigned to the ultrasound group, 660 to the control group). 	 RESULTS
Five studies evaluated lumbar punctures and nine evaluated epidural catheterisations. 	 RESULTS
Six of 624 procedures conducted in the ultrasound group failed; 44 of 610 procedures in the control group failed. 	 RESULTS
Ultrasound imaging reduced the risk of failed procedures (risk ratio 0.21 (95% confidence interval 0.10 to 0.43), P<0.001). 	 RESULTS
Risk reduction was similar when subgroup analysis was performed for lumbar punctures (risk ratio 0.19 (0.07 to 0.56), P=0.002) or epidural catheterisations (0.23 (0.09 to 0.60), P=0.003). 	 RESULTS
Ultrasound imaging also significantly reduced the risk of traumatic procedures (risk ratio 0.27 (0.11 to 0.67), P=0.005), the number of insertion attempts (mean difference -0.44 (-0.64 to -0.24), P<0.001), and the number of needle redirections (mean difference -1.00 (-1.24 to -0.75), P<0.001). 	 RESULTS
Ultrasound imaging can reduce the risk of failed or traumatic lumbar punctures and epidural catheterisations, as well as the number of needle insertions and redirections. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Ultrasound may be a useful adjunct for these procedures. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To compare the incidence of cancer among women with and without a history of pre-eclampsia. 	 OBJECTIVE
Cohort study. 	 DESIGN
Jerusalem perinatal study of women who delivered in three large hospitals in West Jerusalem during 1964-76. 	 SETTING
37 033 women. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Age adjusted and multivariable adjusted hazard ratios for cancer incidence for the entire cohort and for women who were primiparous at study entry. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Cancer developed in 91 women who had pre-eclampsia and 2204 who did not (hazard ratio 1.27, 95% confidence interval 1.03 to 1.57). 	 RESULTS
The risk of site specific cancers was increased, particularly of the stomach, ovary epithelium, breast, and lung or larynx. 	 RESULTS
The incidence of cancer of the stomach, breast, ovary, kidney, and lung or larynx was increased in primiparous women at study entry who had a history pre-eclampsia. 	 RESULTS
A history of pre-eclampsia is associated with increases in overall risk of cancer and incidence at several sites. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This may be explained by environmental and genetic factors common to the development of pre-eclampsia and cancer in this population. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Fruit and vegetable consumption has been inversely associated with the risk of chronic diseases including cancer and cardiovascular disease, with the beneficial effects attributed to a variety of protective antioxidants, carotenoids and phytonutrients. 	 UNLABELLED
The objective of the present study was to determine the effect of supplementation with dehydrated concentrates from mixed fruit and vegetable juices (Juice Plus+R) on serum antioxidant and folate status, plasma homocysteine levels and markers for oxidative stress and DNA damage. 	 UNLABELLED
Japanese subjects (n=60; age 27.8 yrs; BMI 22.1) were recruited to participate in a double-blind placebo controlled study and were randomized into 2 groups of 30, matched for sex, age, BMI and smoking status (39 males, 22 smokers; 21 females, 13 smokers). 	 UNLABELLED
Subjects were given encapsulated supplements containing mixed fruit and vegetable juice concentrates or a matching placebo for 28 days, with blood and urine samples collected at baseline, day 14 and day 28 for analytical testing. 	 UNLABELLED
Compared with the placebo, 28 day supplementation significantly increased the concentration of serum beta-carotene 528% (p<0.0001), lycopene 80.2% (p<0.0005), and alpha tocopherol 39.5% (p<0.0001). 	 UNLABELLED
Serum folate increased 174.3% (p<0.0001) and correlated with a decrease in plasma homocysteine of -19.9% (p<0.03). 	 UNLABELLED
Compared with baseline, measures of oxidative stress decreased with serum lipid peroxides declining -10.5% (p<0.02) and urine 8OHdG decreasing -21.1% (p<0.02). 	 UNLABELLED
Evaluation of data from smokers only (n=17) after 28 days of active supplementation showed comparable changes. 	 UNLABELLED
In the absence of dietary modification, supplementation with the fruit and vegetable juice concentrate capsules proved to be a highly bioavailable source of phytonutrients. 	 CONCLUSION
Important antioxidants were elevated to desirable levels associated with decreased risk of disease while markers of oxidative stress were reduced, and folate status improved with a concomitant decrease in homocysteine, and these benefits occurred to a similar extent in smokers when compared to non-smokers. 	 CONCLUSION
Observational studies report reduced colorectal cancer in regular aspirin consumers. 	 BACKGROUND
Randomised controlled trials have shown reduced risk of adenomas but none have employed prevention of colorectal cancer as a primary endpoint. 	 BACKGROUND
The CAPP2 trial aimed to investigate the antineoplastic effects of aspirin and a resistant starch in carriers of Lynch syndrome, the major form of hereditary colorectal cancer; we now report long-term follow-up of participants randomly assigned to aspirin or placebo. 	 BACKGROUND
In the CAPP2 randomised trial, carriers of Lynch syndrome were randomly assigned in a two-by-two factorial design to 600 mg aspirin or aspirin placebo or 30 g resistant starch or starch placebo, for up to 4 years. 	 METHODS
Randomisation was in blocks of 16 with provision for optional single-agent randomisation and extended postintervention double-blind follow-up; participants and investigators were masked to treatment allocation. 	 METHODS
The primary endpoint was development of colorectal cancer. 	 METHODS
Analysis was by intention to treat and per protocol. 	 METHODS
This trial is registered, ISRCTN59521990. 	 METHODS
861 participants were randomly assigned to aspirin or aspirin placebo. 	 RESULTS
At a mean follow-up of 55·7 months, 48 participants had developed 53 primary colorectal cancers (18 of 427 randomly assigned to aspirin, 30 of 434 to aspirin placebo). 	 RESULTS
Intention-to-treat analysis of time to first colorectal cancer showed a hazard ratio (HR) of 0·63 (95% CI 0·35-1·13, p=0·12). 	 RESULTS
Poisson regression taking account of multiple primary events gave an incidence rate ratio (IRR) of 0·56 (95% CI 0·32-0·99, p=0·05). 	 RESULTS
For participants completing 2 years of intervention (258 aspirin, 250 aspirin placebo), per-protocol analysis yielded an HR of 0·41 (0·19-0·86, p=0·02) and an IRR of 0·37 (0·18-0·78, p=0·008). 	 RESULTS
No data for adverse events were available postintervention; during the intervention, adverse events did not differ between aspirin and placebo groups. 	 RESULTS
600 mg aspirin per day for a mean of 25 months substantially reduced cancer incidence after 55·7 months in carriers of hereditary colorectal cancer. 	 INTERPRETATION
Further studies are needed to establish the optimum dose and duration of aspirin treatment. 	 INTERPRETATION
European Union; Cancer Research UK; Bayer Corporation; National Starch and Chemical Co; UK Medical Research Council; Newcastle Hospitals trustees; Cancer Council of Victoria Australia; THRIPP South Africa; The Finnish Cancer Foundation; SIAK Switzerland; Bayer Pharma. 	 FUNDING
Genetic and epidemiological evidence suggests an inverse association between B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) levels in blood and risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D), but the prospective association of BNP with T2D is uncertain, and it is unclear whether the association is confounded. 	 BACKGROUND
We analysed the association between levels of the N-terminal fragment of pro-BNP (NT-pro-BNP) in blood and risk of incident T2D in a prospective case-cohort study and genotyped the variant rs198389 within the BNP locus in three T2D case-control studies. 	 METHODS
We combined our results with existing data in a meta-analysis of 11 case-control studies. 	 METHODS
Using a Mendelian randomization approach, we compared the observed association between rs198389 and T2D to that expected from the NT-pro-BNP level to T2D association and the NT-pro-BNP difference per C allele of rs198389. 	 METHODS
In participants of our case-cohort study who were free of T2D and cardiovascular disease at baseline, we observed a 21% (95% CI 3%-36%) decreased risk of incident T2D per one standard deviation (SD) higher log-transformed NT-pro-BNP levels in analysis adjusted for age, sex, body mass index, systolic blood pressure, smoking, family history of T2D, history of hypertension, and levels of triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. 	 RESULTS
The association between rs198389 and T2D observed in case-control studies (odds ratio = 0.94 per C allele, 95% CI 0.91-0.97) was similar to that expected (0.96, 0.93-0.98) based on the pooled estimate for the log-NT-pro-BNP level to T2D association derived from a meta-analysis of our study and published data (hazard ratio = 0.82 per SD, 0.74-0.90) and the difference in NT-pro-BNP levels (0.22 SD, 0.15-0.29) per C allele of rs198389. 	 RESULTS
No significant associations were observed between the rs198389 genotype and potential confounders. 	 RESULTS
Our results provide evidence for a potential causal role of the BNP system in the aetiology of T2D. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Further studies are needed to investigate the mechanisms underlying this association and possibilities for preventive interventions. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Please see later in the article for the Editors' Summary. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To determine whether exposure to low doses of ionising radiation in infancy affects cognitive function in adulthood. 	 OBJECTIVE
Population based cohort study. 	 DESIGN
Sweden. 	 SETTING
3094 men who had received radiation for cutaneous haemangioma before age 18 months during 1930-59. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Radiation dose to frontal and posterior parts of the brain, and association between dose and intellectual capacity at age 18 or 19 years based on cognitive tests (learning ability, logical reasoning, spatial recognition) and high school attendance. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
The proportion of boys who attended high school decreased with increasing doses of radiation to both the frontal and the posterior parts of the brain from about 32% among those not exposed to around 17% in those who received > 250 mGy. 	 RESULTS
For the frontal dose, the multivariate odds ratio was 0.47 (95% confidence interval 0.26 to 0.85, P for trend 0.0003) and for the posterior dose it was 0.59 (0.23 to 1.47, 0.0005). 	 RESULTS
A negative dose-response relation was also evident for the three cognitive tests for learning ability and logical reasoning but not for the test of spatial recognition. 	 RESULTS
Low doses of ionising radiation to the brain in infancy influence cognitive abilities in adulthood. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Alterations in cell cycle regulators have been implicated in human malignancies including breast cancer. 	 INTRODUCTION
PD 0332991 is an orally active, highly selective inhibitor of the cyclin D kinases (CDK)4 and CDK6 with ability to block retinoblastoma (Rb) phosphorylation in the low nanomolar range. 	 INTRODUCTION
To identify predictors of response, we determined the in vitro sensitivity to PD 0332991 across a panel of molecularly characterized human breast cancer cell lines. 	 INTRODUCTION
Forty-seven human breast cancer and immortalized cell lines representing the known molecular subgroups of breast cancer were treated with PD 0332991 to determine IC50 values. 	 METHODS
These data were analyzed against baseline gene expression data to identify genes associated with PD 0332991 response. 	 METHODS
Cell lines representing luminal estrogen receptor-positive (ER+) subtype (including those that are HER2 amplified) were most sensitive to growth inhibition by PD 0332991 while nonluminal/basal subtypes were most resistant. 	 RESULTS
Analysis of variance identified 450 differentially expressed genes between sensitive and resistant cells. 	 RESULTS
pRb and cyclin D1 were elevated and CDKN2A (p16) was decreased in the most sensitive lines. 	 RESULTS
Cell cycle analysis showed G0/G1 arrest in sensitive cell lines and Western blot analysis demonstrated that Rb phosphorylation is blocked in sensitive lines but not resistant lines. 	 RESULTS
PD 0332991 was synergistic with tamoxifen and trastuzumab in ER+ and HER2-amplified cell lines, respectively. 	 RESULTS
PD 0332991 enhanced sensitivity to tamoxifen in cell lines with conditioned resistance to ER blockade. 	 RESULTS
These studies suggest a role for CDK4/6 inhibition in some breast cancers and identify criteria for patient selection in clinical studies of PD 0332991 	 CONCLUSIONS
Complex situations that follow war and natural disasters have a psychosocial impact on not only the individual but also on the family, community and society. 	 BACKGROUND
Just as the mental health effects on the individual psyche can result in non pathological distress as well as a variety of psychiatric disorders; massive and widespread trauma and loss can impact on family and social processes causing changes at the family, community and societal levels. 	 BACKGROUND
This qualitative, ecological study is a naturalistic, psychosocial ethnography in Northern Sri Lanka, while actively involved in psychosocial and community mental health programmes among the Tamil community. 	 METHOD
Participatory observation, key informant interviews and focus group discussion with community level relief and rehabilitation workers and government and non-governmental officials were used to gather data. 	 METHOD
The effects on the community of the chronic, man-made disaster, war, in Northern Sri Lanka were compared with the contexts found before the war and after the tsunami. 	 METHOD
Fundamental changes in the functioning of the family and the community were observed. 	 RESULTS
While the changes after the tsunami were not so prominent, the chronic war situation caused more fundamental social transformations. 	 RESULTS
At the family level, the dynamics of single parent families, lack of trust among members, and changes in significant relationships, and child rearing practices were seen. 	 RESULTS
Communities tended to be more dependent, passive, silent, without leadership, mistrustful, and suspicious. 	 RESULTS
Additional adverse effects included the breakdown in traditional structures, institutions and familiar ways of life, and deterioration in social norms and ethics. 	 RESULTS
A variety of community level interventions were tried. 	 RESULTS
Exposure to conflict, war and disaster situations impact on fundamental family and community dynamics resulting in changes at a collective level. 	 CONCLUSION
Relief, rehabilitation and development programmes to be effective will need to address the problem of collective trauma, particularly using integrated multi-level approaches. 	 CONCLUSION
Whole-body magnetic resonance angiography (WB-MRA) has shown its potential for the non-invasive assessment of nearly the entire arterial vasculature within one examination. 	 BACKGROUND
Since the presence of extra-cardiac atherosclerosis is associated with an increased risk of coronary events, our goal was to establish the relationship between WB-MRA findings, including a systemic atherosclerosis score index, and the presence of significant coronary artery disease (CAD). 	 BACKGROUND
WB-MRA was performed on a 1.5T scanner in 50 patients scheduled to undergo elective cardiac catheterization for suspected CAD. 	 METHODS
In each patient, 40 extra-cardiac vessel segments were evaluated and assigned scores according to their luminal narrowing. 	 METHODS
The atherosclerosis score index (ASI) was generated as the ratio of summed scores to analyzable segments. 	 METHODS
was higher in patients with significant (> 50% stenosis) CAD (n = 27) vs. patients without CAD (n = 22; 1.56 vs. 1.28, p = 0.004). 	 RESULTS ASI
correlated with PROCAM (R = 0.57, p < 0.001) and Framingham (R = 0.36, p = 0.01) risk scores as estimates of the 10-year risk of coronary events. 	 ASI
A ROC derived ASI of > 1.54 predicted significant CAD with a sensitivity of 59%, specificity of 86% and a positive predictive value of 84%. 	 ASI
Logistic regression revealed ASI > 1.54 as the strongest independent predictor for CAD with a 11-fold increase in likelihood to suffer from significant coronary disease. 	 ASI
On the contrary, while 15/27 (55%) of patients with CAD exhibited at least one extra-cardiac stenosis > 50%, only 3/22 (14%) of those patients without CAD did (p = 0.003). 	 ASI
The likelihood for an extra-cardiac stenosis when CAD is present differed between vascular territories and ranged from 15% for a carotid stenosis to 44% for a stenosis in the lower extremities. 	 ASI
This study provides important new evidence for the close association of extra-cardiac and coronary atherosclerosis. 	 CONCLUSION
The novel findings that a WB-MRA derived systemic atherosclerosis score index is not only associated with established cardiovascular risk scores but is also predictive of significant CAD suggest its potential prognostic implications and underline the importance to screen for coronary disease in patients with extra-cardiac manifestations of atherosclerosis. 	 CONCLUSION
Our objective is to estimate and compare the prevalence of selected adverse consequences associated with unmet need for assistance among a socioeconomically and medically vulnerable subgroup of the older adult population, those who are dually eligible for Medicare and Medicaid, with those eligible for Medicare only. 	 OBJECTIVE
Using data from the National Health and Aging Trends Study (NHATS), a representative survey of the older Medicare population, we calculated the prevalence of disability-related need for assistance with self-care, household tasks, and mobility activities and the prevalence of adverse consequences of unmet need by dually eligible and Medicare only status. 	 METHOD
Over 2 million community-dwelling older persons experienced an adverse consequence due to unmet need for assistance with self-care (e.g., soiled their clothes), over 2 million experienced adverse consequences due to unmet need for assistance with household tasks (e.g., went without groceries), and over 3 million persons experienced at least one adverse consequence of unmet need for assistance with mobility-related activities (e.g., had to stay in bed) in the month prior to the NHATS interview. 	 RESULTS
Dually eligible persons experienced higher rates of 6 of the 11 adverse consequences studied and were more likely to have at least one adverse consequence in all 3 domains than others. 	 RESULTS
Several care models are emerging with the goal of integrating medical care, behavioral health, and long-term services for the dual eligible population. 	 DISCUSSION
Indicators of adverse consequences of unmet need could be used to monitor the quality and adequacy of such care systems. 	 DISCUSSION
To describe the role patient expectations play in general practitioners (GPs) antibiotic prescribing for upper respiratory tract infections (URTI). 	 OBJECTIVES
Concurrent explanatory mixed methods approach using a cross-sectional survey and semistructured interviews. 	 METHODS
Primary care GPs in Australia. 	 SETTINGS
584 GPs (response rate of 23.6%) completed the cross-sectional survey. 	 PARTICIPANTS
32 GPs were interviewed individually. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Prescribing of antibiotics for URTI. 	 OUTCOME MEASURE
More than half the GP respondents to the survey in Australia self-reported that they would prescribe antibiotics for an URTI to meet patient expectations. 	 RESULTS
Our qualitative findings suggest that 'patient expectations' may be the main reason given for inappropriate prescribing, but it is an all-encompassing phrase that includes other reasons. 	 RESULTS
These include limited time, poor doctor-patient communication and diagnostic uncertainty. 	 RESULTS
We have identified three role archetypes to explain the behaviour of GPs in reference to antibiotic prescribing for URTIs. 	 RESULTS
The main themes emerging from the qualitative component was that many GPs did not think that antibiotic prescribing in primary care was responsible for the development of antibiotic resistance nor that their individual prescribing would make any difference in light of other bigger issues like hospital prescribing or veterinary use. 	 RESULTS
For them, there were negligible negative consequences from their inappropriate prescribing. 	 RESULTS
There is a need to increase awareness of the scope and magnitude of antibiotic resistance and the role primary care prescribing plays, and of the contribution of individual prescribing decisions to the problem of antibiotic resistance. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To evaluate the association between migraine and cardiovascular disease, including stroke, myocardial infarction, and death due to cardiovascular disease. 	 OBJECTIVE
Systematic review and meta-analysis. 	 DESIGN
Electronic databases (PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library) and reference lists of included studies and reviews published until January 2009. 	 DATA SOURCES
Selection criteria Case-control and cohort studies investigating the association between any migraine or specific migraine subtypes and cardiovascular disease. 	 DATA SOURCES
Review methods Two investigators independently assessed eligibility of identified studies in a two step approach. 	 DATA SOURCES
Disagreements were resolved by consensus. 	 DATA SOURCES
Studies were grouped according to a priori categories on migraine and cardiovascular disease. 	 DATA SOURCES
Two investigators extracted data. 	 DATA EXTRACTION
Pooled relative risks and 95% confidence intervals were calculated. 	 DATA EXTRACTION
Studies were heterogeneous for participant characteristics and definition of cardiovascular disease. 	 RESULTS
Nine studies investigated the association between any migraine and ischaemic stroke (pooled relative risk 1.73, 95% confidence interval 1.31 to 2.29). 	 RESULTS
Additional analyses indicated a significantly higher risk among people who had migraine with aura (2.16, 1.53 to 3.03) compared with people who had migraine without aura (1.23, 0.90 to 1.69; meta-regression for aura status P=0.02). 	 RESULTS
Furthermore, results suggested a greater risk among women (2.08, 1.13 to 3.84) compared with men (1.37, 0.89 to 2.11). 	 RESULTS
Age less than 45 years, smoking, and oral contraceptive use further increased the risk. 	 RESULTS
Eight studies investigated the association between migraine and myocardial infarction (1.12, 0.95 to 1.32) and five between migraine and death due to cardiovascular disease (1.03, 0.79 to 1.34). 	 RESULTS
Only one study investigated the association between women who had migraine with aura and myocardial infarction and death due to cardiovascular disease, showing a twofold increased risk. 	 RESULTS
Migraine is associated with a twofold increased risk of ischaemic stroke, which is only apparent among people who have migraine with aura. 	 CONCLUSION
Our results also suggest a higher risk among women and risk was further magnified for people with migraine who were aged less than 45, smokers, and women who used oral contraceptives. 	 CONCLUSION
We did not find an overall association between any migraine and myocardial infarction or death due to cardiovascular disease. 	 CONCLUSION
Too few studies are available to reliably evaluate the impact of modifying factors, such as migraine aura, on these associations. 	 CONCLUSION
Treatment regimens for active tuberculosis (TB) that are intermittent, or use rifampin during only the initial phase, offer practical advantages, but their efficacy has been questioned. 	 BACKGROUND
We conducted a systematic review of treatment regimens for active TB, to assess the effect of duration and intermittency of rifampin use on TB treatment outcomes. 	 BACKGROUND
PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane CENTRAL database for clinical trials were searched for randomized controlled trials, published in English, French, or Spanish, between 1965 and June 2008. 	 METHODS
Selected studies utilized standardized treatment with rifampin-containing regimens. 	 METHODS
Studies reported bacteriologically confirmed failure and/or relapse in previously untreated patients with bacteriologically confirmed pulmonary TB. 	 METHODS
Pooled cumulative incidences of treatment outcomes and association with risk factors were computed with stratified random effects meta-analyses. 	 METHODS
Meta-regression was performed using a negative binomial regression model. 	 METHODS
A total of 57 trials with 312 arms and 21,472 participants were included in the analysis. 	 METHODS
Regimens utilizing rifampin only for the first 1-2 mo had significantly higher rates of failure, relapse, and acquired drug resistance, as compared to regimens that used rifampin for 6 mo. 	 RESULTS
This was particularly evident when there was initial drug resistance to isoniazid, streptomycin, or both. 	 RESULTS
On the other hand, there was little evidence of difference in failure or relapse with daily or intermittent schedules of treatment administration, although there was insufficient published evidence of the efficacy of twice-weekly rifampin administration throughout therapy. 	 RESULTS
TB treatment outcomes were significantly worse with shorter duration of rifampin, or with initial drug resistance to isoniazid and/or streptomycin. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Treatment outcomes were similar with all intermittent schedules evaluated, but there is insufficient evidence to support administration of treatment twice weekly throughout therapy. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This study aims to provide a better set of DNA methylation markers in urine sediments for sensitive and specific detection of bladder cancer. 	 PURPOSE
Fifty-nine tumor-associated genes were profiled in three bladder cancer cell lines, a small cohort of cancer biopsies and urine sediments by methylation-specific PCR. 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Twenty-one candidate genes were then profiled in urine sediments from 132 bladder cancer patients (8 cases for stage 0a; 68 cases for stage I; 50 cases for stage II; 4 cases for stages III; and 2 cases for stage IV), 23 age-matched patients with noncancerous urinary lesions, 6 neurologic diseases, and 7 healthy volunteers. 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Despite six incidences of four genes reported in 3 of 23 noncancerous urinary lesion patients analyzed, cancer-specific hypermethylation in urine sediments were reported for 15 genes (P < 0.05). 	 RESULTS
Methylation assessment of an 11-gene set (SALL3, CFTR, ABCC6, HPR1, RASSF1A, MT1A, RUNX3, ITGA4, BCL2, ALX4, MYOD1, DRM, CDH13, BMP3B, CCNA1, RPRM, MINT1, and BRCA1) confirmed the existing diagnosis of 121 among 132 bladder cancer cases (sensitivity, 91.7%) with 87% accuracy. 	 RESULTS
Significantly, more than 75% of stage 0a and 88% of stage I disease were detected, indicating its value in the early diagnosis of bladder cancer. 	 RESULTS
Interestingly, the cluster of reported methylation markers used in the U.S. bladder cancers is distinctly different from that identified in this study, suggesting a possible epigenetic disparity between the American and Chinese cases. 	 RESULTS
Methylation profiling of an 11-gene set in urine sediments provides a sensitive and specific detection of bladder cancer. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Microtubules are built from linear polymers of α-β tubulin dimers (protofilaments) that form a tubular quinary structure. 	 BACKGROUND
Microtubules assembled from purified tubulin in vitro contain between 10 and 16 protofilaments; however, such structural polymorphisms are not found in cells. 	 BACKGROUND
This discrepancy implies that factors other than tubulin constrain microtubule protofilament number, but the nature of these constraints is unknown. 	 BACKGROUND
Here, we show that acetylation of MEC-12 α-tubulin constrains protofilament number in C. elegans touch receptor neurons (TRNs). 	 RESULTS
Whereas the sensory dendrite of wild-type TRNs is packed with a cross-linked bundle of long, 15-protofilament microtubules, mec-17;atat-2 mutants lacking α-tubulin acetyltransferase activity have short microtubules, rampant lattice defects, and variable protofilament number both between and within microtubules. 	 RESULTS
All-atom molecular dynamics simulations suggest a model in which acetylation of lysine 40 promotes the formation of interprotofilament salt bridges, stabilizing lateral interactions between protofilaments and constraining quinary structure to produce stable, structurally uniform microtubules in vivo. 	 RESULTS
Acetylation of α-tubulin is an essential constraint on protofilament number in vivo. 	 CONCLUSIONS
We propose a structural model in which this posttranslational modification promotes the formation of lateral salt bridges that fine-tune the association between adjacent protofilaments and enable the formation of uniform microtubule populations in vivo. 	 CONCLUSIONS
High genetic diversity at both inter- and intra-host level are hallmarks of RNA viruses due to the error-prone nature of their genome replication. 	 BACKGROUND
Several groups have evaluated the extent of viral variability using different RNA virus deep sequencing methods. 	 BACKGROUND
Although much of this effort has been dedicated to pathogens that cause chronic infections in humans, few studies investigated arthropod-borne, acute viral infections. 	 BACKGROUND
We deep sequenced the complete genome of ten DENV2 isolates from representative classical and severe cases sampled in a large outbreak in Brazil using two different approaches. 	 METHODS AND PRINCIPAL FINDINGS
Analysis of the consensus genomes confirmed the larger extent of the 2010 epidemic in comparison to a previous epidemic caused by the same viruses in another city two years before (genetic distance = 0.002 and 0.0008 respectively). 	 METHODS AND PRINCIPAL FINDINGS
Analysis of viral populations within the host revealed a high level of conservation. 	 METHODS AND PRINCIPAL FINDINGS
After excluding homopolymer regions of 454/Roche generated sequences, we found 10 to 44 variable sites per genome population at a frequency of >1%, resulting in very low intra-host genetic diversity. 	 METHODS AND PRINCIPAL FINDINGS
While up to 60% of all variable sites at intra-host level were non-synonymous changes, only 10% of inter-host variability resulted from non-synonymous mutations, indicative of purifying selection at the population level. 	 METHODS AND PRINCIPAL FINDINGS
Despite the error-prone nature of RNA-dependent RNA-polymerase, dengue viruses maintain low levels of intra-host variability. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND SIGNIFICANCE
Serum soluble corin has been associated with stroke. 	 OBJECTIVE
However, whether it is associated with stroke prognosis has not yet been studied. 	 OBJECTIVE
Therefore, we aimed to study the association of serum soluble corin with risk of poor outcomes within 3 months after stroke. 	 OBJECTIVE
We followed 522 stroke patients for 3 months to identify major disability, death and vascular events. 	 METHODS
Serum soluble corin was measured at baseline for all participants. 	 METHODS
Logistic regression was used to examine the associations of baseline serum soluble corin with outcomes of stroke, adjusting for age, sex, baseline NIHSS score, hours from onset to hospitalization, smoking, drinking, hypertension, diabetes, coronary heart disease, atrial fibrillation, family history of stroke, and stroke subtype. 	 METHODS
Patients with high corin had a significantly lower crude risk for the composite outcome of major disability or death (OR = 0.64, 95%CI: 0.43-0.96) than patients with low corin (the lowest tertile). 	 RESULTS
After adjustment for age and baseline NIHSS score, patients with high corin still had a significantly lower risk for the composite outcome of major disability or death (OR = 0.60, 95%CI: 0.36-0.99). 	 RESULTS
This association became bottom line significant after additionally adjusting for other conventional factors (OR = 0.61, P = 0.058). 	 RESULTS
No association was found between serum soluble corin and other composite outcomes. 	 RESULTS
Serum soluble corin deficiency predicted risk for major disability within 3 months after stroke, independent of baseline neurological deficient. 	 CONCLUSION
Our results may indicate a probable role of corin in stroke prognosis. 	 CONCLUSION
Different molecular alterations have been described in endometrioid endometrial carcinoma (EECA). 	 BACKGROUND
Among them the most frequently altered is loss of the PTEN protein, a tumor suppressor gene. 	 BACKGROUND
The purpose of this study was to evaluate the expression pattern of PTEN gene in normal, hyperplastic and neoplastic endometrium. 	 BACKGROUND
In a study in a referral gynecologic hospital in Tehran, Iran, immunohistochemical (IHC) evaluation of PTEN was performed on 87 consecutive specimens to the following three groups; group A- normal proliferative endometrium(n = 29); group B- hyperplastic endometrium [including simple hyperplasia without atypia(n = 21) and complex hyperplasia with atypia (n = 8)] and group C- EECA(n = 29). 	 METHODS
Immunostaining of cells was analyzed by arbitrary quantitative methods according to both slide's area staining and intensity of color reaction. 	 METHODS
immunoreactivity was present in all normal proliferative endometrium, all simple hyperplasia, 75% of atypical complex hyperplasia and in 48% of EECA (P < 0.001). 	 RESULTS PTEN
The intensity of PTEN reaction was significantly higher in group with proliferative endometrium than hyperplastic endometrium and EECA (P < 0.001). 	 RESULTS PTEN
expression was significantly higher in cyclical endometrium than in atypical hyperplasia and endometrioid carcinoma. 	 CONCLUSION PTEN
Despite recent achievements to reduce child mortality, neonatal deaths continue to remain high, accounting for 41% of all deaths in children under five years of age worldwide, of which over 90% occur in low- and middle-income countries (LMICs). 	 BACKGROUND
Infections are a leading cause of death and limitations in care seeking for ill neonates contribute to high mortality rates. 	 BACKGROUND
As estimates for care-seeking behaviors in LMICs have not been studied, this review describes care seeking for neonatal illnesses in LMICs, with particular attention to type of care sought. 	 BACKGROUND
We conducted a systematic literature review of studies that reported the proportion of caregivers that sought care for ill or suspected ill neonates in LMICs. 	 METHODS
The initial search yielded 784 studies, of which 22 studies described relevant data from community household surveys, facility-based surveys, and intervention trials. 	 METHODS
The majority of studies were from South Asia (n = 17/22), set in rural areas (n = 17/22), and published within the last 4 years (n = 18/22). 	 METHODS
Of the 9,098 neonates who were ill or suspected to be ill, 4,320 caregivers sought some type of care, including care from a health facility (n = 370) or provider (n = 1,813). 	 RESULTS
Care seeking ranged between 10% and 100% among caregivers with a median of 59%. 	 RESULTS
Care seeking from a health care provider yielded a similar range and median, while care seeking at a health care facility ranged between 1% and 100%, with a median of 20%. 	 RESULTS
Care-seeking estimates were limited by the few studies conducted in urban settings and regions other than South Asia. 	 RESULTS
There was a lack of consistency regarding illness, care-seeking, and care provider definitions. 	 RESULTS
There is a paucity of data regarding newborn care-seeking behaviors; in South Asia, care seeking is low for newborn illness, especially in terms of care sought from health care facilities and medically trained providers. 	 CONCLUSIONS
There is a need for representative data to describe care-seeking patterns in different geographic regions and better understand mechanisms to enhance care seeking during this vulnerable time period. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Adequate vitamin D status for optimum bone health has received increased recognition in recent years; however, the ideal intake is not known. 	 CONTEXT
Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D is the generally accepted indicator of vitamin D status, but no universal reference level has been reached. 	 CONTEXT
To investigate the relative importance of high calcium intake and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D for calcium homeostasis, as determined by serum intact parathyroid hormone (PTH). 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Cross-sectional study of 2310 healthy Icelandic adults who were divided equally into 3 age groups (30-45 years, 50-65 years, or 70-85 years) and recruited from February 2001 to January 2003. 	 OBJECTIVE
They were administered a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire, which assessed vitamin D and calcium intake. 	 OBJECTIVE
Participants were further divided into groups according to calcium intake (<800 mg/d, 800-1200 mg/d, and >1200 mg/d) and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D level (<10 ng/mL, 10-18 ng/mL, and >18 ng/mL). 	 OBJECTIVE
Serum intact PTH as determined by calcium intake and vitamin D.   RESULTS A total of 944 healthy participants completed all parts of the study. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
After adjusting for relevant factors, serum PTH was lowest in the group with a serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D level of more than 18 ng/mL but highest in the group with a serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D level of less than 10 ng/mL. At the low serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D level (<10 ng/mL), calcium intake of less than 800 mg/d vs more than 1200 mg/d was significantly associated with higher serum PTH (P = .04); and at a calcium intake of more than 1200 mg/d, there was a significant difference between the lowest and highest vitamin D groups (P = .04). 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
As long as vitamin D status is ensured, calcium intake levels of more than 800 mg/d may be unnecessary for maintaining calcium metabolism. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Vitamin D supplements are necessary for adequate vitamin D status in northern climates. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Birth size, perhaps a proxy for prenatal environment, might be a correlate of subsequent breast cancer risk, but findings from epidemiological studies have been inconsistent. 	 BACKGROUND
We re-analysed individual participant data from published and unpublished studies to obtain more precise estimates of the magnitude and shape of the birth size-breast cancer association. 	 BACKGROUND
Studies were identified through computer-assisted and manual searches, and personal communication with investigators. 	 METHODS
Individual participant data from 32 studies, comprising 22,058 breast cancer cases, were obtained. 	 METHODS
Random effect models were used, if appropriate, to combine study-specific estimates of effect. 	 METHODS
Birth weight was positively associated with breast cancer risk in studies based on birth records (pooled relative risk [RR] per one standard deviation [SD] [= 0.5 kg] increment in birth weight: 1.06; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.02-1.09) and parental recall when the participants were children (1.02; 95% CI 0.99-1.05), but not in those based on adult self-reports, or maternal recall during the woman's adulthood (0.98; 95% CI 0.95-1.01) (p for heterogeneity between data sources = 0.003). 	 RESULTS
Relative to women who weighed 3.000-3.499 kg, the risk was 0.96 (CI 0.80-1.16) in those who weighed < 2.500 kg, and 1.12 (95% CI 1.00-1.25) in those who weighed > or = 4.000 kg (p for linear trend = 0.001) in birth record data. 	 RESULTS
Birth length and head circumference from birth records were also positively associated with breast cancer risk (pooled RR per one SD increment: 1.06 [95% CI 1.03-1.10] and 1.09 [95% CI 1.03-1.15], respectively). 	 RESULTS
Simultaneous adjustment for these three birth size variables showed that length was the strongest independent predictor of risk. 	 RESULTS
The birth size effects did not appear to be confounded or mediated by established breast cancer risk factors and were not modified by age or menopausal status. 	 RESULTS
The cumulative incidence of breast cancer per 100 women by age 80 y in the study populations was estimated to be 10.0, 10.0, 10.4, and 11.5 in those who were, respectively, in the bottom, second, third, and top fourths of the birth length distribution. 	 RESULTS
This pooled analysis of individual participant data is consistent with birth size, and in particular birth length, being an independent correlate of breast cancer risk in adulthood. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Growth arrest-specific 5 (GAS5) was reported to be implicated and aberrantly express in multiple cancers. 	 BACKGROUND
However, the expression and mechanism of action of GAS5 were largely poor understood in endometrial carcinoma. 	 BACKGROUND
According to the result of real-time reverse-transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) and flow cytometry analysis, we identified that GAS5 was down-regulated in endometrial cancer cells and stimulated the apoptosis of endometrial cancer cells. 	 RESULTS
To investigate the expression of GAS5, PTEN and miR-103, RT-PCR was performed. 	 RESULTS
And we found that the expression of PTEN was up-regulated when endometrial cancer cells overexpressed GAS5. 	 RESULTS
The prediction of bioinformatics online revealed that GAS5 could bind to miR-103, which was further found to be regulated by GAS5. 	 RESULTS
Finally, we found that miR-103 mimic could decrease the mRNA and protein levels of PTEN through luciferase reporter assay and western blotting, and GAS5 plasmid may reverse this regulation effect in endometrial cancer cells. 	 RESULTS
In summary, we demonstrate that GAS5 acts as an tumor suppressor lncRNA in endometrial cancer. 	 CONCLUSION
Through inhibiting the expression of miR-103, GAS5 significantly enhanced the expression of PTEN to promote cancer cell apoptosis, and, thus, could be an important mediator in the pathogenesis of endometrial cancer. 	 CONCLUSION
To determine the extent to which type of hospital admission (emergency compared with elective) and surgical procedure varied by socioeconomic circumstances, age, sex, and year of admission for colorectal, breast, and lung cancer. 	 OBJECTIVES
Repeated cross sectional study with data from individual patients, 1 April 1999 to 31 March 2006. 	 DESIGN
Hospital episode statistics (HES) dataset. 	 SETTING
564 821 patients aged 50 and over admitted with a diagnosis of colorectal, breast, or lung cancer. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Proportion of patients admitted as emergencies, and the proportion receiving the recommended surgical treatment. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Patients from deprived areas, older people, and women were more likely to be admitted as emergencies. 	 RESULTS
For example, the adjusted odds ratio for patients with breast cancer in the least compared with most deprived fifth of deprivation was 0.63 (95% confidence interval 0.60 to 0.66) and the adjusted odds ratio for patients with lung cancer aged 80-89 compared with those aged 50-59 was 3.13 (2.93 to 3.34). 	 RESULTS
There were some improvements in disparities between age groups but not for patients living in deprived areas over time. 	 RESULTS
Patients from deprived areas were less likely to receive preferred procedures for rectal, breast, and lung cancer. 	 RESULTS
These findings did not improve with time. 	 RESULTS
For example, 67.4% (3529/5237) of patients in the most deprived fifth of deprivation had anterior resection for rectal cancer compared with 75.5% (4497/5959) of patients in the least deprived fifth (1.34, 1.22 to 1.47). 	 RESULTS
Over half (54.0%, 11 256/20 849) of patients in the most deprived fifth of deprivation had breast conserving surgery compared with 63.7% (18 445/28 960) of patients in the least deprived fifth (1.21, 1.16 to 1.26). 	 RESULTS
Men were less likely than women to undergo anterior resection and lung cancer resection and older people were less likely to receive breast conserving surgery and lung cancer resection. 	 RESULTS
For example, the adjusted odds ratio for lung cancer patients aged 80-89 compared with those aged 50-59 was 0.52 (0.46 to 0.59). 	 RESULTS
Conclusions Despite the implementation of the NHS Cancer Plan, social factors still strongly influence access to and the provision of care. 	 RESULTS
Many smokers are unable or unwilling to completely quit smoking. 	 CONTEXT
A proposed means of harm reduction is to reduce the number of cigarettes smoked per day. 	 CONTEXT
However, it is not clear whether this strategy decreases the risk for tobacco-related diseases. 	 CONTEXT
To assess the effects of smoking reduction on lung cancer incidence. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Observational population-based cohort study with up to 31 years of follow-up from the Copenhagen Centre for Prospective Population Studies, which administrates data from 3 longitudinal studies conducted in Copenhagen and suburbs, the Copenhagen City Heart Study, the Copenhagen Male Study, and the Glostrup Population Studies, Denmark. 	 OBJECTIVE
Participants were 11,151 men and 8563 women (N = 19,714) aged 20 to 93 years, who attended 2 consecutive examinations with a 5- to 10-year interval between 1964 and 1988. 	 OBJECTIVE
Participants underwent a physical examination and completed self-filled questionnaires about lifestyle habits. 	 OBJECTIVE
The study population was divided into 6 groups according to smoking habits: continued heavy smokers (> or =15 cigarettes/d), reducers (reduced from > or =15 cigarettes/d by minimum of 50% without quitting), continued light smokers (1-14 cigarettes/d), quitters (stopped between first and second examination), stable ex-smokers, and never smokers. 	 OBJECTIVE
Incident primary lung cancer cases assessed by record linkage with the National Cancer Registry until December 31, 2003. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
There were 864 incident lung cancers during follow-up. 	 RESULTS
Using Cox regression, the adjusted hazard ratio (HR) for lung cancer in reducers was 0.73 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.54-0.98) compared with persistent heavy smokers. 	 RESULTS
The HR for light smokers was 0.44 (95% CI, 0.35-0.56); for quitters, HR 0.50 (95% CI, 0.36-0.69), for stable ex-smokers, HR 0.17 (95% CI, 0.13-0.23), and for never smokers, HR 0.09 (95% CI, 0.06-0.13). 	 RESULTS
Among individuals who smoke 15 or more cigarettes per day, smoking reduction by 50% significantly reduces the risk of lung cancer. 	 CONCLUSION
To determine the incidence and clinical importance of errors in the preparation and administration of intravenous drugs and the stages of the process in which errors occur. 	 OBJECTIVES
Prospective ethnographic study using disguised observation. 	 DESIGN
Nurses who prepared and administered intravenous drugs. 	 PARTICIPANTS
10 wards in a teaching and non-teaching hospital in the United Kingdom. 	 SETTING
Number, type, and clinical importance of errors. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
249 errors were identified. 	 RESULTS
At least one error occurred in 212 out of 430 intravenous drug doses (49%, 95% confidence interval 45% to 54%). 	 RESULTS
Three doses (1%) had potentially severe errors, 126 (29%) potentially moderate errors, and 83 (19%) potentially minor errors. 	 RESULTS
Most errors occurred when giving bolus doses or making up drugs that required multiple step preparation. 	 RESULTS
The rate of intravenous drug errors was high. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Although most errors would cause only short term adverse effects, a few could have been serious. 	 CONCLUSIONS
A combination of reducing the amount of preparation on the ward, training, and technology to administer slow bolus doses would probably have the greatest effect on error rates. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Although numerous signaling pathways are known to be activated in experimental cardiac hypertrophy, the molecular basis of the hypertrophic response inherent in human heart diseases remains largely unknown. 	 BACKGROUND
Integrin-linked kinase (ILK) is a multifunctional protein kinase that physically links beta-integrins with the actin cytoskeleton, suggesting a potential mechanoreceptor role. 	 BACKGROUND
Here, we show a marked increase in ILK protein levels in hypertrophic ventricles of patients with congenital and acquired outflow tract obstruction. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
This increase in ILK was associated with activation of the Rho family guanine triphosphatases, Rac1 and Cdc42, and known hypertrophic signaling kinases, including extracellular signal-related kinases (ERK1/2) and p70 S6 kinase. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Transgenic mice with cardiac-specific expression of a constitutively active ILK (ILK(S343D)) or wild-type ILK (ILK(WT)) exhibited a compensated ventricular hypertrophic phenotype and displayed an activation profile of guanine triphosphatases and downstream protein kinases concordant with that seen in human hypertrophy. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
In contrast, transgenic mice with cardiomyocyte-restricted expression of a kinase-inactive ILK (ILK(R211A)) were unable to mount a compensatory hypertrophic response to angiotensin II in vivo. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Taken together, these results identify ILK-regulated signaling as a broadly adaptive hypertrophic response mechanism relevant to a wide range of clinical heart disease. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Carbon nanotubes (CNT) hold great promise to create new and better products for commercial and biomedical applications, but their long-term adverse health effects are a major concern. 	 BACKGROUND
The objective of this study was to address human lung cancer risks associated with chronic pulmonary exposure to single-walled (SW) CNT through the fundamental understanding of cellular and molecular processes leading to carcinogenesis. 	 BACKGROUND
We hypothesized that the acquisition of cancer stem cells (CSC), a subpopulation that drive tumor initiation and progression, may contribute to CNT carcinogenesis. 	 BACKGROUND
Non-tumorigenic human lung epithelial cells were chronically exposed to well-dispersed SWCNT for a period of 6 months at the physiologically relevant concentration of 0.02 μg/cm2 surface area dose. 	 METHODS
Chronic SWCNT-exposed cells were evaluated for the presence of CSC-like cells under CSC-selective conditions of tumor spheres and side population (SP). 	 METHODS
CSC-like cells were isolated using fluorescence-activated cell sorting and were assessed for aggressive behaviors, including acquired apoptosis resistance and increased cell migration and invasion in vitro, and tumor-initiating capability in vivo. 	 METHODS
Non-small cell lung cancer cells served as a positive control. 	 METHODS
We demonstrated for the first time the existence of CSC-like cells in all clones of chronic SWCNT-exposed lung epithelial cells. 	 RESULTS
These CSC-like cells, in contrary to their non-CSC counterpart, possessed all biological features of lung CSC that are central to irreversible malignant transformation, self-renewal, aggressive cancer behaviors, and in vivo tumorigenesis. 	 RESULTS
These cells also displayed aberrant stem cell markers, notably Nanog, SOX-2, SOX-17 and E-cadherin. 	 RESULTS
Restored expression of tumor suppressor p53 abrogated CSC properties of CSC-like cells. 	 RESULTS
Furthermore, we identified specific stem cell surface markers CD24low and CD133high that are associated with SWCNT-induced CSC formation and tumorigenesis. 	 RESULTS
Our findings provide new and compelling evidence for the acquisition of CSC-like cells induced by chronic SWCNT exposure, which are likely to be a major driving force for SWCNT tumorigenesis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Thus, our study supports prudent adoption of prevention strategies and implementation of exposure control for SWCNT. 	 CONCLUSIONS
We also suggest that the detection of CSC and associated surface markers may provide an effective screening tool for prediction of the carcinogenic potential of SWCNT and related nanoparticles. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Whereas many causes and mechanisms of neurodegenerative diseases have been identified, very few therapeutic strategies have emerged in parallel. 	 BACKGROUND
One possible explanation is that successful treatment strategy may require simultaneous targeting of more than one molecule of pathway. 	 BACKGROUND
A new therapeutic approach to have emerged recently is the engagement of microRNAs (miRNAs), which affords the opportunity to target multiple cellular pathways simultaneously using a single sequence. 	 BACKGROUND
METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS We identified miR-22 as a potentially neuroprotective miRNA based on its predicted regulation of several targets implicated in Huntington's disease (histone deacetylase 4 (HDAC4), REST corepresor 1 (Rcor1) and regulator of G-protein signaling 2 (Rgs2)) and its diminished expression in Huntington's and Alzheimer's disease brains. 	 BACKGROUND
We then tested the hypothesis that increasing cellular levels of miRNA-22 would achieve neuroprotection in in vitro models of neurodegeneration. 	 BACKGROUND
As predicted, overexpression of miR-22 inhibited neurodegeneration in primary striatal and cortical cultures exposed to a mutated human huntingtin fragment (Htt171-82Q). 	 BACKGROUND
Overexpression of miR-22 also decreased neurodegeneration in primary neuronal cultures exposed to 3-nitropropionic acid (3-NP), a mitochondrial complex II/III inhibitor. 	 BACKGROUND
In addition, miR-22 improved neuronal viability in an in vitro model of brain aging. 	 BACKGROUND
The mechanisms underlying the effects of miR-22 included a reduction in caspase activation, consistent with miR-22's targeting the pro-apoptotic activities of mitogen-activated protein kinase 14/p38 (MAPK14/p38) and tumor protein p53-inducible nuclear protein 1 (Tp53inp1). 	 BACKGROUND
Moreover, HD-specific effects comprised not only targeting HDAC4, Rcor1 and Rgs2 mRNAs, but also decreasing focal accumulation of mutant Htt-positive foci, which occurred via an unknown mechanism. 	 BACKGROUND
These data show that miR-22 has multipartite anti-neurodegenerative activities including the inhibition of apoptosis and the targeting of mRNAs implicated in the etiology of HD. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These results motivate additional studies to evaluate the feasibility and therapeutic efficacy of manipulating miR-22 in vivo. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The prevalence of metabolic syndrome (obesity, glucose intolerance, low serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol [HDL-C], high serum triglycerides, hypertension) is high and increasing in parallel with an increasing breast cancer incidence worldwide. 	 BACKGROUND
HDL-C represents an important aspect of the syndrome, yet its role in breast cancer is still undefined. 	 BACKGROUND
In two population-based screening surveys during 1977-1983 and 1985-1987, serum HDL-C was assayed enzymatically among 38,823 Norwegian women aged 17-54 years at entry. 	 METHODS
Height, weight, blood pressure, serum lipids, fat and energy intake, physical activity, parity, oral contraceptive use, hormone therapy use, alcohol intake, and tobacco use were also assessed. 	 METHODS
We used Cox proportional hazards modeling to estimate the relative risk (RR) of breast cancer associated with serum HDL-C levels and to adjust for potential confounding variables. 	 METHODS
We performed stratified analyses to evaluate effect modification by body mass index (BMI) and menopausal status. 	 METHODS
All statistical tests were two-sided. 	 METHODS
During a median follow-up of 17.2 years, we identified 708 cases of invasive breast cancer. 	 RESULTS
In multivariable analysis, the risk of postmenopausal breast cancer was inversely related to quartile of HDL-C (P(trend) =.02). 	 RESULTS
Among women with HDL-C above 1.64 mmol/L (highest quartile) versus below 1.20 mmol/L (lowest quartile), the relative risk was 0.75 (95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.58 to 0.97). 	 RESULTS
The HDL-C association was confined to women in the heavier subgroup (BMI > or =25 kg/m2), for whom the relative risk of postmenopausal breast cancer in those with HDL-C above 1.64 mmol/L versus below 1.20 mmol/L was 0.43 (95% CI = 0.28 to 0.67; P(trend)<.001; P(interaction) =.001). 	 RESULTS
Low HDL-C, as part of the metabolic syndrome, is associated with increased postmenopausal breast cancer risk. 	 CONCLUSION
Breast cancer is the most common malignancy in women. 	 BACKGROUND
There is increasing evidence suggesting that ORAI1, components of store-operated calcium channel, play a pivotal role in breast cancer progression and metastasis. 	 BACKGROUND
A total of 384 female patients with breast cancer were included in this study. 	 METHODS
We selected five representative tagging ORAI1 SNPs from HapMap database with minimum allele frequency (MAF) >10%. 	 METHODS
Genotyping was performed using TaqMan allelic discrimination assay. 	 METHODS
Chi-square (χ²) test was used to analyze statistical differences among control and patient groups in genotype and allelic frequencies. 	 METHODS
Two of the ORAI1 SNPs (rs12320939 and rs12313273) were associated with estrogen receptors positive in breast cancer patients under the recessive model. 	 RESULTS
When the Bonferroni correction was performed, the significance still existed. 	 RESULTS
In addition, rs12320939 also associated with the lymph nodal involvement. 	 RESULTS
We showed that genetic polymorphisms of ORAI1 associated strongly with lymph nodal involvement and estrogen receptors (ERs) positive breast cancer patients in a Taiwanese population. 	 CONCLUSION
To determine whether myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein antibodies (MOG-Abs) were predictive of a demyelination phenotype in children presenting with acquired demyelinating syndrome (ADS). 	 OBJECTIVE
Sixty-five children with a first episode of ADS (12 acute disseminated encephalomyelitis, 24 optic neuritis, 18 transverse myelitis, 11 other clinically isolated syndrome) were identified from 2 national demyelination programs in the United Kingdom and France. 	 METHOD
Acute serum samples were tested for MOG-Abs by cell-based assay. 	 METHOD
Antibodies were used to predict diagnosis of multiple sclerosis (MS) at 1 year. 	 METHOD
Twenty-three of 65 (35%) children had MOG-Abs. 	 RESULTS
Antibody-positive and antibody-negative patients were not clinically different at presentation, but identification of MOG-Abs predicted a non-MS course at 1-year follow-up: only 2/23 (9%) MOG-Ab-positive patients were diagnosed with MS compared to 16/42 (38%) MOG-Ab-negative patients (p = 0.019, Fisher exact test). 	 RESULTS
Antibody positivity at outset was a useful predictor for a non-MS disease course, with a positive predictive value of 91% (95% confidence interval [CI] 72-99), negative predictive value of 38% (95% CI 24-54), positive likelihood ratio of 4.02 (CI 1.0-15.4), and odds ratio of 6.5 (CI 1.3-31.3). 	 RESULTS
MOG-Abs are found at presentation in 35% of patients with childhood ADS, across a range of demyelinating disorders. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Antibody positivity can be useful in predicting a non-MS disease course at onset. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Blood type and crossmatch incompatibility will exclude at least one third of patients in need from receiving a live donor kidney transplant. 	 CONTEXT
Kidney paired donation (KPD) offers incompatible donor/recipient pairs the opportunity to match for compatible transplants. 	 CONTEXT
Despite its increasing popularity, very few transplants have resulted from KPD. 	 CONTEXT
To determine the potential impact of improved matching schemes on the number and quality of transplants achievable with KPD. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND POPULATION We developed a model that simulates pools of incompatible donor/recipient pairs. 	 OBJECTIVE
We designed a mathematically verifiable optimized matching algorithm and compared it with the scheme currently used in some centers and regions. 	 OBJECTIVE
Simulated patients from the general community with characteristics drawn from distributions describing end-stage renal disease patients eligible for renal transplantation and their willing and eligible live donors. 	 OBJECTIVE
Number of kidneys matched, HLA mismatch of matched kidneys, and number of grafts surviving 5 years after transplantation. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
A national optimized matching algorithm would result in more transplants (47.7% vs 42.0%, P<.001), better HLA concordance (3.0 vs 4.5 mismatched antigens; P<.001), more grafts surviving at 5 years (34.9% vs 28.7%; P<.001), and a reduction in the number of pairs required to travel (2.9% vs 18.4%; P<.001) when compared with an extension of the currently used first-accept scheme to a national level. 	 RESULTS
Furthermore, highly sensitized patients would benefit 6-fold from a national optimized scheme (2.3% vs 14.1% successfully matched; P<.001). 	 RESULTS
Even if only 7% of patients awaiting kidney transplantation participated in an optimized national KPD program, the health care system could save as much as $750 million. 	 RESULTS
The combination of a national KPD program and a mathematically optimized matching algorithm yields more matches with lower HLA disparity. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Optimized matching affords patients the flexibility of customizing their matching priorities and the security of knowing that the greatest number of high-quality matches will be found and distributed equitably. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Clinicians and trialists have difficulty with identifying which patients are highest risk for cardiovascular events. 	 CONTEXT
Prior ischemic events, polyvascular disease, and diabetes mellitus have all been identified as predictors of ischemic events, but their comparative contributions to future risk remain unclear. 	 CONTEXT
To categorize the risk of cardiovascular events in stable outpatients with various initial manifestations of atherothrombosis using simple clinical descriptors. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PATIENTS Outpatients with coronary artery disease, cerebrovascular disease, or peripheral arterial disease or with multiple risk factors for atherothrombosis were enrolled in the global Reduction of Atherothrombosis for Continued Health (REACH) Registry and were followed up for as long as 4 years. 	 OBJECTIVE
Patients from 3647 centers in 29 countries were enrolled between 2003 and 2004 and followed up until 2008. 	 OBJECTIVE
Final database lock was in April 2009. 	 OBJECTIVE
Rates of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, and stroke. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
A total of 45,227 patients with baseline data were included in this 4-year analysis. 	 RESULTS
During the follow-up period, a total of 5481 patients experienced at least 1 event, including 2315 with cardiovascular death, 1228 with myocardial infarction, 1898 with stroke, and 40 with both a myocardial infarction and stroke on the same day. 	 RESULTS
Among patients with atherothrombosis, those with a prior history of ischemic events at baseline (n = 21,890) had the highest rate of subsequent ischemic events (18.3%; 95% confidence interval [CI], 17.4%-19.1%); patients with stable coronary, cerebrovascular, or peripheral artery disease (n = 15,264) had a lower risk (12.2%; 95% CI, 11.4%-12.9%); and patients without established atherothrombosis but with risk factors only (n = 8073) had the lowest risk (9.1%; 95% CI, 8.3%-9.9%) (P < .001 for all comparisons). 	 RESULTS
In addition, in multivariable modeling, the presence of diabetes (hazard ratio [HR], 1.44; 95% CI, 1.36-1.53; P < .001), an ischemic event in the previous year (HR, 1.71; 95% CI, 1.57-1.85; P < .001), and polyvascular disease (HR, 1.99; 95% CI, 1.78-2.24; P < .001) each were associated with a significantly higher risk of the primary end point. 	 RESULTS
Clinical descriptors can assist clinicians in identifying high-risk patients within the broad range of risk for outpatients with atherothrombosis. 	 CONCLUSION
Osteoporosis causes substantial morbidity and costs $13.8 billion annually in the United States. 	 CONTEXT
Measurement of bone mass by densitometry is a primary part of diagnosing osteoporosis and deciding a preventive treatment course. 	 CONTEXT
Bone mineral densitometry has become more widely available and commonly used in practice. 	 CONTEXT
To review evidence about the value of various clinical applications of bone densitometry. 	 OBJECTIVE
A MEDLINE search was performed to update previous meta-analyses of the relationship between various measurements of bone density and risk of vertebral and hip fracture. 	 DATA SOURCES
We used data from the prospective Study of Osteoporotic Fractures to estimate risk of fracture from bone density and age in postmenopausal women. 	 DATA SOURCES
When available, meta-analyses and systematic reviews are emphasized in the review. 	 STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION
Bone mineral density (BMD) predicts fracture and can be used in combination with age to estimate absolute risk of fractures in postmenopausal white women. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
Hip BMD predicts hip fracture more strongly than other measurements of BMD. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
There are insufficient data to translate BMD results into risk of fracture for men and nonwhite women. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
The benefits of treatments to prevent fractures depend on BMD: women with osteoporosis have a greater risk of fractures and greater benefit from treatments than women without osteoporosis. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
Guidelines based on systematic reviews and a cost-effectiveness analysis have suggested that it is worthwhile to measure BMD in white women older than 65 years and perhaps to use risk factors to select younger postmenopausal women for densitometry. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Other potential clinical applications of BMD that have not yet been adequately studied include screening men or nonwhite women, monitoring BMD in patients receiving treatment, and using BMD to identify patients who should be evaluated for secondary causes of osteoporosis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Anxiety about bias, lack of accountability, and poor quality of peer review has led to questions about the imbalance in anonymity between reviewers and authors. 	 CONTEXT
To evaluate the effect on the quality of peer review of blinding reviewers to the authors' identities and requiring reviewers to sign their reports. 	 OBJECTIVE
Randomized controlled trial. 	 DESIGN
A general medical journal. 	 SETTING
A total of 420 reviewers from the journal's database. 	 PARTICIPANTS
We modified a paper accepted for publication introducing 8 areas of weakness. 	 INTERVENTION
Reviewers were randomly allocated to 5 groups. 	 INTERVENTION
Groups 1 and 2 received manuscripts from which the authors' names and affiliations had been removed, while groups 3 and 4 were aware of the authors' identities. 	 INTERVENTION
Groups 1 and 3 were asked to sign their reports, while groups 2 and 4 were asked to return their reports unsigned. 	 INTERVENTION
The fifth group was sent the paper in the usual manner of the journal, with authors' identities revealed and a request to comment anonymously. 	 INTERVENTION
Group 5 differed from group 4 only in that its members were unaware that they were taking part in a study. 	 INTERVENTION
The number of weaknesses in the paper that were commented on by the reviewers. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
Reports were received from 221 reviewers (53%). 	 RESULTS
The mean number of weaknesses commented on was 2 (1.7, 2.1, 1.8, and 1.9 for groups 1, 2, 3, and 4 and 5 combined, respectively). 	 RESULTS
There were no statistically significant differences between groups in their performance. 	 RESULTS
Reviewers who were blinded to authors' dentities were less likely to recommend rejection than those who were aware of the authors' identities (odds ratio, 0.5; 95% confidence interval, 0.3-1.0). 	 RESULTS
Neither blinding reviewers to the authors and origin of the paper nor requiring them to sign their reports had any effect on rate of detection of errors. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Such measures are unlikely to improve the quality of peer review reports. 	 CONCLUSIONS
More than 2 million U.S. women receive an equivocal cervical cytologic diagnosis (atypical squamous cells of undetermined significance [ASCUS]) each year. 	 BACKGROUND
Effective colposcopy triage strategies are needed to identify the minority of women who have clinically significant disease while avoiding excessive follow-up evaluation for others. 	 BACKGROUND
The ASCUS/LSIL (i.e., low-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion) Triage Study (ALTS) is a multicenter, randomized trial comparing the sensitivity and specificity of the following three management strategies to detect cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 3 (CIN3): 1) immediate colposcopy (considered to be the reference standard), 2) triage to colposcopy based on human papillomavirus (HPV) results from Hybrid Capture 2(TM) (HC 2) and thin-layer cytology results, or 3) triage based on cytology results alone. 	 METHODS
This article summarizes the cross-sectional enrollment results for 3488 women with a referral diagnosis of ASCUS. 	 METHODS
All statistical tests are two-sided. 	 METHODS
Among participants with ASCUS, the underlying prevalence of histologically confirmed CIN3 was 5.1%. 	 RESULTS
Sensitivity to detect CIN3 or above by testing for cancer-associated HPV DNA was 96.3% (95% confidence interval [CI] = 91.6% to 98.8%), with 56.1% of women referred to colposcopy. 	 RESULTS
Sensitivity of a single repeat cytology specimen with a triage threshold of HSIL or above was 44.1% (95% CI = 35.6% to 52.9%), with 6.9% referred. 	 RESULTS
Sensitivity of a lower cytology triage threshold of ASCUS or above was 85.3% (95% CI = 78.2% to 90.8%), with 58.6% referred. 	 RESULTS
HC 2 testing for cancer-associated HPV DNA is a viable option in the management of women with ASCUS. 	 CONCLUSIONS
It has greater sensitivity to detect CIN3 or above and specificity comparable to a single additional cytologic test indicating ASCUS or above. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To examine whether past high sun exposure is associated with a reduced risk of multiple sclerosis. 	 OBJECTIVE
Population based case-control study. 	 DESIGN
Tasmania, latitudes 41-3 degrees S.   PARTICIPANTS 136 cases with multiple sclerosis and 272 controls randomly drawn from the community and matched on sex and year of birth. 	 SETTING
Multiple sclerosis defined by both clinical and magnetic resonance imaging criteria. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
Higher sun exposure when aged 6-15 years (average 2-3 hours or more a day in summer during weekends and holidays) was associated with a decreased risk of multiple sclerosis (adjusted odds ratio 0.31, 95% confidence interval 0.16 to 0.59). 	 RESULTS
Higher exposure in winter seemed more important than higher exposure in summer. 	 RESULTS
Greater actinic damage was also independently associated with a decreased risk of multiple sclerosis (0.32, 0.11 to 0.88 for grades 4-6 disease). 	 RESULTS
A dose-response relation was observed between multiple sclerosis and decreasing sun exposure when aged 6-15 years and with actinic damage. 	 RESULTS
Higher sun exposure during childhood and early adolescence is associated with a reduced risk of multiple sclerosis. 	 CONCLUSION
Insufficient ultraviolet radiation may therefore influence the development of multiple sclerosis. 	 CONCLUSION
To explore the association between a stable partnership and clinical outcome in HIV infected patients receiving highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART). 	 OBJECTIVES
Prospective cohort study of adults with HIV (Swiss HIV cohort study). 	 DESIGN
Seven outpatient clinics throughout Switzerland. 	 SETTING
The 3736 patients in the cohort who started HAART before 2002 (median age 36 years, 29% female, median follow up 3.6 years). 	 PARTICIPANTS
Time to AIDS or death (primary endpoint), death alone, increases in CD4 cell count of at least 50 and 100 above baseline, optimal viral suppression (a viral load below 400 copies/ml), and viral rebound. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
During follow up 2985 (80%) participants reported a stable partnership on at least one occasion. 	 RESULTS
When starting HAART, 52% (545/1042) of participants reported a stable partnership; after five years of follow up 46% (190/412) of participants reported a stable partnership. 	 RESULTS
In an analysis stratified by previous antiretroviral therapy and clinical stage when starting HAART (US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention group A, B, or C), the adjusted hazard ratio for progression to AIDS or death was 0.79 (95% confidence interval 0.63 to 0.98) for participants with a stable partnership compared with those without. 	 RESULTS
Adjusted hazards ratios for other endpoints were 0.59 (0.44 to 0.79) for progression to death, 1.15 (1.06 to 1.24) for an increase in CD4 cells of 100 counts/microl or more, and 1.06 (0.98 to 1.14) for optimal viral suppression. 	 RESULTS
A stable partnership is associated with a slower rate of progression to AIDS or death in HIV infected patients receiving HAART. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Previous studies indicate that the population attributable risk (PAR) of bladder cancer for tobacco smoking is 50% to 65% in men and 20% to 30% in women and that current cigarette smoking triples bladder cancer risk relative to never smoking. 	 CONTEXT
During the last 30 years, incidence rates have remained stable in the United States in men (123.8 per 100,000 person-years to 142.2 per 100,000 person-years) and women (32.5 per 100,000 person-years to 33.2 per 100,000 person-years); however, changing smoking prevalence and cigarette composition warrant revisiting risk estimates for smoking and bladder cancer. 	 CONTEXT
To evaluate the association between tobacco smoking and bladder cancer. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Men (n = 281,394) and women (n = 186,134) of the National Institutes of Health-AARP (NIH-AARP) Diet and Health Study cohort completed a lifestyle questionnaire and were followed up between October 25, 1995, and December 31, 2006. 	 OBJECTIVE
Previous prospective cohort studies of smoking and incident bladder cancer were identified by systematic review and relative risks were estimated from fixed-effects models with heterogeneity assessed by the I(2) statistic. 	 OBJECTIVE
Hazard ratios (HRs), PARs, and number needed to harm (NNH). 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
During 4,518,941 person-years of follow-up, incident bladder cancer occurred in 3896 men (144.0 per 100,000 person-years) and 627 women (34.5 per 100,000 person-years). 	 RESULTS
Former smokers (119.8 per 100,000 person-years; HR, 2.22; 95% confidence interval [CI], 2.03-2.44; NNH, 1250) and current smokers (177.3 per 100,000 person-years; HR, 4.06; 95% CI, 3.66-4.50; NNH, 727) had higher risks of bladder cancer than never smokers (39.8 per 100,000 person-years). 	 RESULTS
In contrast, the summary risk estimate for current smoking in 7 previous studies (initiated between 1963 and 1987) was 2.94 (95% CI, 2.45-3.54; I(2) = 0.0%). 	 RESULTS
The PAR for ever smoking in our study was 0.50 (95% CI, 0.45-0.54) in men and 0.52 (95% CI, 0.45-0.59) in women. 	 RESULTS
Compared with a pooled estimate of US data from cohorts initiated between 1963 and 1987, relative risks for smoking in the more recent NIH-AARP Diet and Health Study cohort were higher, with PARs for women comparable with those for men. 	 CONCLUSION
Accumulating evidence has shown that cancer cell metabolism differs from that of normal cells. 	 BACKGROUND
However, up to now it is not clear whether different cancer types are characterized by a specific metabolite profile. 	 BACKGROUND
Therefore, this study aims to evaluate whether the plasma metabolic phenotype allows to discriminate between lung and breast cancer. 	 BACKGROUND
The proton nuclear magnetic resonance spectrum of plasma is divided into 110 integration regions, representing the metabolic phenotype. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
These integration regions reflect the relative metabolite concentrations and were used to train a classification model in discriminating between 80 female breast cancer patients and 54 female lung cancer patients, all with an adenocarcinoma. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
The validity of the model was examined by permutation testing and by classifying an independent validation cohort of 60 female breast cancer patients and 81 male lung cancer patients, all with an adenocarcinoma. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
The model allows to classify 99% of the breast cancer patients and 93% of the lung cancer patients correctly with an area under the curve (AUC) of 0.96 and can be validated in the independent cohort with a sensitivity of 89%, a specificity of 82% and an AUC of 0.94. 	 RESULTS
Decreased levels of sphingomyelin and phosphatidylcholine (phospholipids with choline head group) and phospholipids with short, unsaturated fatty acid chains next to increased levels of phospholipids with long, saturated fatty acid chains seem to indicate that cell membranes of lung tumors are more rigid and less sensitive to lipid peroxidation. 	 RESULTS
The other discriminating metabolites are pointing to a more pronounced response of the body to the Warburg effect for lung cancer. 	 RESULTS
Metabolic phenotyping of plasma allows to discriminate between lung and breast cancer, indicating that the metabolite profile reflects more than a general cancer marker. 	 CONCLUSION
NCT02362776. 	 CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER
This study sought to describe and quantify microcirculatory changes in the mucosal surfaces of patients with severe malaria, by direct in vivo observation using orthogonal polarization spectral (OPS) imaging. 	 BACKGROUND
The microcirculation in the rectal mucosa of adult patients with severe malaria was assessed by use of OPS imaging, at admission and then daily. 	 METHODS
Comparison groups comprised patients with uncomplicated falciparum malaria, patients with bacterial sepsis, and healthy individuals. 	 METHODS
Erythrocyte velocities were measured directly in 43 adult patients with severe falciparum malaria, of whom 20 died. 	 RESULTS
Microcirculatory blood flow was markedly disturbed, with heterogeneous obstruction that was proportional to severity of disease. 	 RESULTS
Blocked capillaries were found in 29 patients (67%) and were associated with concurrent hyperdynamic blood flow (erythrocyte velocity, >750 mm/s) in adjacent vessels in 27 patients (93%). 	 RESULTS
The proportion of blocked capillaries correlated with the base deficit in plasma and with the concentration of lactate. 	 RESULTS
Abnormalities disappeared when the patients recovered. 	 RESULTS
In healthy individuals and in patients with uncomplicated malaria or sepsis, no stagnant erythrocytes were detected, and, in patients with sepsis, hyperdynamic blood flow was prominent. 	 RESULTS
Patients with severe falciparum malaria show extensive microvascular obstruction that is proportional to the severity of the disease. 	 CONCLUSION
This finding underscores the prominent role that microvascular obstruction plays in the pathophysiology of severe malaria and illustrates the fundamental difference between the microvascular pathophysiology of malaria and that of bacterial sepsis. 	 CONCLUSION
To examine the potential effects of replacing the Swedish alcohol retail system with a private licensing system on alcohol consumption and alcohol-related harm. 	 AIM
Two possible scenarios were analysed: (1) replacing the current alcohol retail monopoly with private licensed stores that specialize in alcohol sales or (2) making all alcohol available in grocery stores. 	 DESIGN
We utilized a multiplicative model that projected effects of changes in a set of key factors including hours of sale, retail prices, promotion and advertising and outlet density. 	 DESIGN
Next, we estimated the effect of the projected consumption increase on a set of harm indicators. 	 DESIGN
Values for the model parameters were obtained from the research literature. 	 DESIGN
Measures of alcohol-related harm included explicitly alcohol-related mortality, accident mortality, suicide, homicide, assaults, drinking driving and sickness absence. 	 MEASUREMENTS
According to the projections, scenario 1 yields a consumption increase of 17% (1.4 litres/capita), which in turn would cause an additional 770 deaths, 8500 assaults, 2700 drinking driving offences and 4.5 million sick days per year. 	 FINDINGS
The corresponding figures for scenario 2 are a consumption increase of 37.4% (3.1 litres/capita) leading to an additional annual toll of 2000 deaths, 20 000 assaults, 6600 drinking driving offences and 11.1 million days of sick leave. 	 FINDINGS
Projections based on the research literature suggest that privatization of the Swedish alcohol retail market would significantly increase alcohol consumption and alcohol-related harm. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The prevalence of diabetes is increasing in all industrialized countries and its prevention has become a public health priority. 	 BACKGROUND
However, the predictors of diabetes risk are insufficiently understood. 	 BACKGROUND
We evaluated, whether 31 novel biomarkers could help to predict the risk of incident diabetes. 	 BACKGROUND
The biomarkers were evaluated primarily in the FINRISK97 cohort (n = 7,827; 417 cases of clinically incident diabetes during the follow-up). 	 METHODS
The findings were replicated in the Health 2000 cohort (n = 4,977; 179 cases of clinically incident diabetes during the follow-up). 	 METHODS
We used Cox proportional hazards models to calculate the relative risk of diabetes, after adjusting for the classic risk factors, separately for each biomarker. 	 METHODS
Next, we assessed the discriminatory ability of single biomarkers using receiver operating characteristic curves and C-statistics, integrated discrimination improvement (IDI) and net reclassification improvement (NRI). 	 METHODS
Finally, we derived a biomarker score in the FINRISK97 cohort and validated it in the Health 2000 cohort. 	 METHODS
A score consisting of adiponectin, apolipoprotein B, C-reactive protein and ferritin almost doubled the relative risk of diabetes in the validation cohort (HR per one standard deviation increase 1.88, p = 2.8 e-5). 	 RESULTS
It also improved discrimination of the model (IDI = 0.0149, p<0.0001) and reclassification of diabetes risk (NRI = 11.8%, p = 0.006). 	 RESULTS
Gender-specific analyses suggested that the best score differed between men and women. 	 RESULTS
Among men, the best results were obtained with the score of four biomarkers: adiponectin, apolipoprotein B, ferritin and interleukin-1 receptor antagonist, which gave an NRI of 25.4% (p<0.0001). 	 RESULTS
Among women, the best score included adiponectin, apolipoprotein B, C-reactive protein and insulin. 	 RESULTS
It gave an NRI of 13.6% (p = 0.041). 	 RESULTS
We identified novel biomarkers that were associated with the risk of clinically incident diabetes over and above the classic risk factors. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This gives new insights into the pathogenesis of diabetes and may help with targeting prevention and treatment. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To determine attrition and predictors of academic success among medical students at University of Split, Croatia. 	 AIM
We analysed academic records of 2054 students enrolled during 1979-2008 period. 	 METHODS
We found that 26% (533/2054) of enrolled students did not graduate. 	 RESULTS
The most common reasons for attrition were 'personal' (36.4%), transfer to another medical school (35.6%), and dismissal due to unsatisfactory academic record (21.2%). 	 RESULTS
Grade point average (GPA) and study duration of attrition students were significantly associated with parental education. 	 RESULTS
There were 1126 graduates, 395 men and 731 women. 	 RESULTS
Their average graduation GPA was 3.67±0.53 and study duration 7.6±2.44 years. 	 RESULTS
During 5-year curriculum only 6.4% (42/654) of students graduated in time, and 55% (240/472) of students graduated in time after curriculum was extended to 6 years. 	 RESULTS
Variables predicting whether a student will graduate or not were high school grades, entrance exam score and year of enrollment. 	 RESULTS
Significant predictors of graduation grades were high school grades and entrance exam score. 	 RESULTS
Entrance exam score predicted length of studying. 	 RESULTS
Preadmission academic qualifications and year of enrollment predict academic success in medical school. 	 CONCLUSION
More attention should be devoted to high attrition. 	 CONCLUSION
Interleukin (IL)-18 is a potent proinflammatory cytokine with potential atherogenic properties. 	 BACKGROUND
Its expression and role in atherosclerosis, however, are unknown. 	 BACKGROUND
In the present study, we examined stable and unstable human carotid atherosclerotic plaques retrieved by endarterectomy for the presence of IL-18 using reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (PCR), Western blot, and immunohistochemical techniques. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
IL-18 was highly expressed in the atherosclerotic plaques compared with control normal arteries and was localized mainly in plaque macrophages. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
IL-18 receptor was also upregulated in plaque macrophages and endothelial cells, suggesting potential biological effects. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
To examine the role of IL-18 in atherosclerosis, we determined the relation between IL-18 mRNA expression and signs of plaque instability using real-time quantitative PCR. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Interestingly, significantly higher levels of IL-18 mRNA were found in symptomatic (unstable) plaques than asymptomatic (stable) plaques (P<0.01). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
These results suggest, for the first time, a major role for IL-18 in atherosclerotic plaque destabilization leading to acute ischemic syndromes. 	 CONCLUSIONS
According to willingness of the Ministry of Health, Iran and presence of appropriate conditions for disease elimination, national malaria control program decided to conduct a research to clarify malaria status in 2007 and to provide required information to perform the elimination program. 	 BACKGROUND
This review is comprised of the basis of national malaria elimination program in vision of 2025, which was started in 2010. 	 BACKGROUND
In this descriptive study, data were analyzed by applications of different variables at district level. 	 METHODS
All districts in the three south eastern provinces, in which malaria has local transmission, were considered. 	 METHODS
Malaria cases has been determined and studied based on the national malaria surveillance system. 	 METHODS
Since vivax malaria is predominant in Sistan & Baluchestan Province, number of vivax cases is equal to malaria positive cases approximately. 	 RESULTS
The important point is that Nikshahr contains the maximum number of local vivax cases in this province and the maximum number of falciparum cases is reported from Sarbaz district. 	 RESULTS
Among all districts of Hormozgan Province, no case of autochthonous falciparum was detected except in Bandar Jask and one case in Minab. 	 RESULTS
There was no case of autochthonous falciparum in Kerman Province, except in Kahnoj and Ghale Ganj that each of them had one case in 2007. 	 RESULTS
It appears that the report of locally transmitted cases in Iran is increasing over the past few years, before starting malaria elimination plan. 	 CONCLUSION
Since the Afghan refugees started to return to their own country so the main source of reporting of imported malaria cases reduced and local cases would be demonstrated more clearly. 	 CONCLUSION
Sequence similarity searching is a very important bioinformatics task. 	 BACKGROUND
While Basic Local Alignment Search Tool (BLAST) outperforms exact methods through its use of heuristics, the speed of the current BLAST software is suboptimal for very long queries or database sequences. 	 BACKGROUND
There are also some shortcomings in the user-interface of the current command-line applications. 	 BACKGROUND
We describe features and improvements of rewritten BLAST software and introduce new command-line applications. 	 RESULTS
Long query sequences are broken into chunks for processing, in some cases leading to dramatically shorter run times. 	 RESULTS
For long database sequences, it is possible to retrieve only the relevant parts of the sequence, reducing CPU time and memory usage for searches of short queries against databases of contigs or chromosomes. 	 RESULTS
The program can now retrieve masking information for database sequences from the BLAST databases. 	 RESULTS
A new modular software library can now access subject sequence data from arbitrary data sources. 	 RESULTS
We introduce several new features, including strategy files that allow a user to save and reuse their favorite set of options. 	 RESULTS
The strategy files can be uploaded to and downloaded from the NCBI BLAST web site. 	 RESULTS
The new BLAST command-line applications, compared to the current BLAST tools, demonstrate substantial speed improvements for long queries as well as chromosome length database sequences. 	 CONCLUSION
We have also improved the user interface of the command-line applications. 	 CONCLUSION
Various perinatal factors, including birth weight, birth order, maternal age, gestational age, twin status, and parental smoking, have been postulated to affect breast cancer risk in daughters by altering the hormonal environment of the developing fetal mammary glands. 	 INTRODUCTION
Despite ample biologic plausibility, epidemiologic studies to date have yielded conflicting results. 	 INTRODUCTION
We investigated the associations between perinatal factors and subsequent breast cancer risk through meta-analyses. 	 INTRODUCTION
We reviewed breast cancer studies published from January 1966 to February 2007 that included data on birth weight, birth order, maternal age, gestational age, twin status, and maternal or paternal smoking. 	 METHODS
Meta-analyses using random effect models were employed to summarize the results. 	 METHODS
We found that heavier birth weights were associated with increased breast cancer risk, with studies involving five categories of birth weight identifying odds ratios (ORs) of 1.24 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.04 to 1.48) for 4,000 g or more and 1.15 (95% CI 1.04 to 1.26) for 3,500 g to 3,999 g, relative to a birth weight of 2,500 to 2,599 g. These studies provided no support for a J-shaped relationship of birthweight to risk. 	 RESULTS
Support for an association with birthweight was also derived from studies based on three birth weight categories (OR 1.15 [95% CI 1.01 to 1.31] for > or =4,000 g relative to <3,000 g) and two birth weight categories (OR 1.09 [95% CI 1.02 to 1.18] for > or =3,000 g relative to <3,000 g). 	 RESULTS
Women born to older mothers and twins were also at some increased risk, but the results were heterogeneous across studies and publication years. 	 RESULTS
Birth order, prematurity, and maternal smoking were unrelated to breast cancer risk. 	 RESULTS
Our findings provide some support for the hypothesis that in utero exposures reflective of higher endogenous hormone levels could affect risk for development of breast cancer in adulthood. 	 CONCLUSION
To review the evidence for the use of bisphosphonates to reduce skeletal morbidity in cancer patients with bone metastases. 	 OBJECTIVE
Electronic databases, scanning reference lists, and consultation with experts and pharmaceutical companies. 	 DATA SOURCES
Foreign language papers were included. 	 DATA SOURCES
Included trials were randomised controlled trials of patients with malignant disease and bone metastases who were treated with oral or intravenous bisphosphonate compared with another bisphosphonate, placebo, or standard care. 	 STUDY SELECTION
All trials measured at least one outcome of skeletal morbidity. 	 STUDY SELECTION
95 articles were identified; 30 studies fulfilled inclusion criteria. 	 RESULTS
In studies that lasted > or = 6 months, compared with placebo bisphosphonates significantly reduced the odds ratio for fractures (vertebral 0.69, 95% confidence interval 0.57 to 0.84, P < 0.0001; non-vertebral 0.65, 0.54 to 0.79, P < 0.0001; combined 0.65, 0.55 to 0.78, P < 0.0001), radiotherapy (0.67, 0.57 to 0.79, P < 0.0001), and hypercalcaemia (0.54, 0.36 to 0.81, P = 0.003) but not for orthopaedic surgery (0.70, 0.46 to 1.05, P = 0.086) or spinal cord compression (0.71, 0.47 to 1.08, P = 0.113). 	 RESULTS
The reduction in orthopaedic surgery was significant in studies that lasted over a year (0.59, 0.39 to 0.88, P = 0.009). 	 RESULTS
Use of bisphosphonates significantly increased time to first skeletal related event but did not increase survival. 	 RESULTS
Subanalyses showed that most evidence supports use of intravenous aminobisphosphonates. 	 RESULTS
In people with metastatic bone disease bisphosphonates significantly decrease skeletal morbidity, except for spinal cord compression and increased time to first skeletal related event. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Treatment should start when bone metastases are diagnosed and continue until it is no longer clinically relevant. 	 CONCLUSIONS
One factor that contributes to high maternal mortality in developing countries is the delayed use of Emergency Obstetric-Care (EmOC) facilities. 	 BACKGROUND
The objective of this study was to determine the factors that hinder midwives and parturient women from using hospitals when complications occur during home birth in Sistan and Baluchestan province, Iran, where 23% of all deliveries take place in non- hospital settings. 	 BACKGROUND
In the study and data management, a mixed-methods approach was used. 	 METHODS
In the quantitative phase, we compared the existing health-sector data with World Health Organization (WHO) standards for the availability and use of EmOC services. 	 METHODS
The qualitative phase included collection and analysis of interviews with midwives and traditional birth attendants and twenty-one in-depth interviews with mothers. 	 METHODS
The data collected in this phase were managed according to the principles of qualitative data analysis. 	 METHODS
The findings demonstrate that three distinct factors lead to indecisiveness and delay in the use of EmOC by the midwives and mothers studied. 	 RESULTS
Socio-cultural and familial reasons compel some women to choose to give birth at home and to hesitate seeking professional emergency care for delivery complications. 	 RESULTS
Apprehension about being insulted by physicians, the necessity of protecting their professional integrity in front of patients and an inability to persuade their patients lead to an over-insistence by midwives on completing deliveries at the mothers' homes and a reluctance to refer their patients to hospitals. 	 RESULTS
The low quality and expense of EmOC and the mothers' lack of health insurance also contribute to delays in referral. 	 RESULTS
Women who choose to give birth at home accept the risk that complications may arise. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Training midwives and persuading mothers and significant others who make decisions about the value of referring women to hospitals at the onset of life-threatening complications are central factors to increasing the use of available hospitals. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The hospitals must be safe, comfortable and attractive environments for parturition and should give appropriate consideration to the ethical and cultural concerns of the women. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Appropriate management of financial and insurance-related issues can help midwives and mothers make a rational decision when complications arise. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Fructosamine, glycated albumin, and 1,5-anhydroglucitol (1,5-AG) are of interest for monitoring short-term glycemic control in patients with diabetes; however, their associations with diabetes risk are uncharacterized. 	 OBJECTIVE
METHODS 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND
We used Cox proportional hazards models to examine the associations of fructosamine, glycated albumin, and 1,5-AG with incident diabetes in 1,299 participants, from the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study (2005-2006), who had no history of diagnosed diabetes at baseline. 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND
Incident diabetes was self-reported during annual telephone calls. 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND
There were 119 new cases of diabetes during a median follow-up of 3.3 years. 	 RESULTS
When compared with the lowest quartile, the fourth quartiles of fructosamine and glycated albumin were significantly associated with diabetes risk (hazard ratio [HR] 3.99 [95% CI 1.93-8.28] and 5.22 [2.49-10.94], respectively). 	 RESULTS
The fourth quartile of 1,5-AG was associated with a significantly lower diabetes risk (0.27 [0.14-0.55]). 	 RESULTS
Associations were attenuated but still significant after adjustment for hemoglobin A(1c) (A1C) or fasting glucose. 	 RESULTS
Fructosamine, glycated albumin, and 1,5-AG were associated with the subsequent development of diabetes independently of baseline A1C and fasting glucose. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Our results suggest these alternative biomarkers may be useful in identifying persons at risk for diabetes. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The processing of the Affymetrix GeneChip data has been a recent focus for data analysts. 	 MOTIVATION
Alternatives to the original procedure have been proposed and some of these new methods are widely used. 	 MOTIVATION
The affy package is an R package of functions and classes for the analysis of oligonucleotide arrays manufactured by Affymetrix. 	 RESULTS
The package is currently in its second release, affy provides the user with extreme flexibility when carrying out an analysis and make it possible to access and manipulate probe intensity data. 	 RESULTS
In this paper, we present the main classes and functions in the package and demonstrate how they can be used to process probe-level data. 	 RESULTS
We also demonstrate the importance of probe-level analysis when using the Affymetrix GeneChip platform. 	 RESULTS
To investigate the effects of a high-intensity functional exercise program on independence in activities of daily living (ADLs) and balance in older people with dementia and whether exercise effects differed between dementia types. 	 OBJECTIVES
Cluster-randomized controlled trial: Umeå Dementia and Exercise (UMDEX) study. 	 DESIGN
Residential care facilities, Umeå, Sweden. 	 SETTING
Individuals aged 65 and older with a dementia diagnosis, a Mini-Mental State Examination score of 10 or greater, and dependence in ADLs (N=186). 	 PARTICIPANTS
Ninety-three participants each were allocated to the high-intensity functional exercise program, comprising lower limb strength and balance exercises, and 93 to a seated control activity. 	 INTERVENTION
Blinded assessors measured ADL independence using the Functional Independence Measure (FIM) and Barthel Index (BI) and balance using the Berg Balance Scale (BBS) at baseline and 4 (directly after intervention completion) and 7 months. 	 MEASUREMENTS
Linear mixed models showed no between-group effect on ADL independence at 4 (FIM=1.3, 95% confidence interval (CI)=-1.6-4.3; BI=0.6, 95% CI=-0.2-1.4) or 7 (FIM=0.8, 95% CI=-2.2-3.8; BI=0.6, 95% CI=-0.3-1.4) months. 	 RESULTS
A significant between-group effect on balance favoring exercise was observed at 4 months (BBS=4.2, 95% CI=1.8-6.6). 	 RESULTS
In interaction analyses, exercise effects differed significantly between dementia types. 	 RESULTS
Positive between-group exercise effects were found in participants with non-Alzheimer's dementia according to the FIM at 7 months and BI and BBS at 4 and 7 months. 	 RESULTS
In older people with mild to moderate dementia living in residential care facilities, a 4-month high-intensity functional exercise program appears to slow decline in ADL independence and improve balance, albeit only in participants with non-Alzheimer's dementia. 	 CONCLUSION
Appropriate understanding of health information by patients with cardiovascular disease (CVD) is fundamental for better management of risk factors and improved morbidity, which can also benefit their quality of life. 	 BACKGROUND
To assess the relationship between health literacy and health-related quality of life (HRQoL) in patients with ischaemic heart disease (IHD), and to investigate the role of sociodemographic and clinical variables as possible confounders. 	 OBJECTIVES
Cross-sectional study of patients with IHD recruited from a stratified sample of general practices in two Australian states (Queensland and South Australia) between 2007 and 2009. 	 METHODS
Health literacy was measured using a validated questionnaire and classified as inadequate, marginal, or adequate. 	 METHODS
Physical and mental components of HRQoL were assessed using the Medical Outcomes Study Short Form (SF12) questionnaire. 	 METHODS
Analyses were adjusted for confounders (sociodemographic variables, clinical history of IHD, number of CVD comorbidities, and CVD risk factors) using multiple linear regression. 	 METHODS
A total sample of 587 patients with IHD (mean age 72.0±8.4 years) was evaluated: 76.8% males, 84.2% retired or pensioner, and 51.4% with up to secondary educational level. 	 RESULTS
Health literacy showed a mean of 39.6±6.7 points, with 14.3% (95%CI 11.8-17.3) classified as inadequate. 	 RESULTS
Scores of the physical component of HRQoL were 39.6 (95%CI 37.1-42.1), 42.1 (95%CI 40.8-43.3) and 44.8 (95%CI 43.3-46.2) for inadequate, marginal, and adequate health literacy, respectively (p-value for trend = 0.001). 	 RESULTS
This association persisted after adjustment for confounders. 	 RESULTS
Health literacy was not associated with the mental component of HRQoL (p-value = 0.482). 	 RESULTS
Advanced age, lower educational level, disadvantaged socioeconomic position, and a larger number of CVD comorbidities adversely affected both, health literacy and HRQoL.   CONCLUSION Inadequate health literacy is a contributing factor to poor physical functioning in patients with IHD. 	 RESULTS
Increasing health literacy may improve HRQoL and reduce the impact of IHD among patients with this chronic CVD. 	 RESULTS
To explore how a group of Swedish general practitioners (GPs) manage patients with a sore throat in relation to current guidelines as expressed in interviews. 	 OBJECTIVE
Qualitative content analysis was used to analyse semi-structured interviews. 	 DESIGN
Swedish primary care. 	 SETTING
A strategic sample of 25 GPs. 	 SUBJECTS
Perceived management of sore throat patients. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
It was found that nine of the interviewed GPs were adherent to current guidelines for sore throat and 16 were non-adherent. 	 RESULTS
The two groups differed in terms of guideline knowledge, which was shared within the team for adherent GPs while idiosyncratic knowledge dominated for the non-adherent GPs. 	 RESULTS
Adherent GPs had no or low concerns for bacterial infections and differential diagnosis whilst non-adherent GPs believed that in patients with a sore throat any bacterial infection should be identified and treated with antibiotics. 	 RESULTS
Patient history and examination was mainly targeted by adherent GPs whilst for non-adherent GPs it was often redundant. 	 RESULTS
Non-adherent GPs reported problems getting patients to abstain from antibiotics, whilst no such problems were reported in adherent GPs. 	 RESULTS
This interview study of sore throat management in a strategically sampled group of Swedish GPs showed that while two-thirds were non-adherent and had a liberal attitude to antibiotics one-third were guideline adherent with a restricted view on antibiotics. 	 CONCLUSION
Non-adherent GPs revealed significant knowledge gaps. 	 CONCLUSION
Adherent GPs had discussed guidelines within the primary care team while non-adherent GPs had not. 	 CONCLUSION
Guideline implementation thus seemed to be promoted by knowledge shared in team discussions. 	 CONCLUSION
Abciximab plus aspirin improves the TIMI 3 flow rate of the infarct-related artery in patients treated with either percutaneous coronary intervention or thrombolysis. 	 BACKGROUND
The present study investigated whether the reperfusion efficacy of abciximab relates to modifications of clot architecture in patients admitted for acute myocardial infarction (AMI). 	 BACKGROUND
A total of 23 AMI patients in the Abciximab before Direct angioplasty and stenting in Myocardial Infarction Regarding Acute and Long term follow-up (ADMIRAL) trial received, in a double-blind fashion, either abciximab (n=13) or placebo (n=10) before primary stenting. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Viscoelastic (G' in dyne/cm(2)) and morphological (mean platelet aggregate surface area [SAG] in micrometer(2)) indexes of ex vivo platelet-rich clots (PRC) were assessed in a double-blind fashion before and after the bolus administration of abciximab or placebo. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
G' and SAG reflect the mechanical and morphological impact of activated platelets on the PRC fibrin network, respectively. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Abciximab administration reduced G' by 63% (P=0.0001) and SAG by 65% (P=0.0007), and no effect was seen in the placebo group. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
These abciximab-related changes increased fibrin exposure as a consequence of the platelet-aggregate surface reduction and may have improved endogenous fibrinolysis. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
These effects were identified in all patients, independent of previous heparin administration. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Abciximab dramatically reduces platelet aggregate size and increases the fibrin accessibility of ex vivo PRC in AMI patients. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These modifications could participate in the better coronary artery patency observed with abciximab. 	 CONCLUSIONS
African Americans have higher rates of cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality than other ethnic groups. 	 BACKGROUND
Young adults are prime targets for intervention strategies to prevent and reduce disease risk. 	 BACKGROUND
The study purpose was to determine the level of knowledge of lifestyle risk factors for CVD among young African American adults in Phoenix. 	 BACKGROUND
The results will be used to guide the development of CVD outreach programs targeted to this population. 	 BACKGROUND
The Health Belief Model was used as a conceptual framework. 	 BACKGROUND
A convenience sample of 172 African American men and women aged 18-26 years completed a questionnaire adapted from the American Heart Association national surveys. 	 METHODS
Descriptive statistics were compared by age, gender, education level, and health status variables including BMI, smoking status, and physical activity. 	 METHODS
Some aspects of heart-disease were well known among young adult African Americans. 	 RESULTS
Knowledge of certain other important risk factors (menopause) and preventive behaviors (eating fewer animal products), however, was more variable and inconsistent among the respondents. 	 RESULTS
Differences in knowledge of individual variables was greater by education level than by gender overall. 	 RESULTS
Predictors of a summary CVD knowledge score included higher education, female gender, and high self-efficacy (adjusted R2 = 0.158, p < .001). 	 RESULTS
Predictors of self-efficacy in changing CVD risk were higher education and perceived low risk of CVD (adjusted R2 = 0.064, p < .001), but these characteristics explained only 6% of the variance. 	 RESULTS
Evaluation of baseline knowledge of CVD is essential before designing and implementing health promotion programs. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Existing strengths and weaknesses in knowledge can guide tailoring of programs to be more effective. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Further research would help to identify the range of other characteristics that determine knowledge and risk perception. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To evaluate the association of overall and specific headaches with volume of white matter hyperintensities, brain infarcts, and cognition. 	 OBJECTIVE
Population based, cross sectional study. 	 DESIGN
Epidemiology of Vascular Ageing study, Nantes, France. 	 SETTING
780 participants (mean age 69, 58.5% women) with detailed headache assessment. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Brain scans were evaluated for volume of white matter hyperintensities (by fully automated imaging processing) and for classification of infarcts (by visual reading with a standardised assessment grid). 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Cognitive function was assessed by a battery of tests including the mini-mental state examination. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
163 (20.9%) participants reported a history of severe headache and 116 had migraine, of whom 17 (14.7%) reported aura symptoms. 	 RESULTS
An association was found between any history of severe headache and increasing volume of white matter hyperintensities. 	 RESULTS
The adjusted odds ratio of being in the highest third for total volume of white matter hyperintensities was 2.0 (95% confidence interval 1.3 to 3.1, P for trend 0.002) for participants with any history of severe headache when compared with participants without severe headache being in the lowest third. 	 RESULTS
The association pattern was similar for all headache types. 	 RESULTS
Migraine with aura was the only headache type strongly associated with volume of deep white matter hyperintensities (highest third odds ratio 12.4, 1.6 to 99.4, P for trend 0.005) and with brain infarcts (3.4, 1.2 to 9.3). 	 RESULTS
The location of infarcts was predominantly outside the cerebellum and brain stem. 	 RESULTS
Evidence was lacking for cognitive impairment for any headache type with or without brain lesions. 	 RESULTS
In this population based study, any history of severe headache was associated with an increased volume of white matter hyperintensities. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Migraine with aura was the only headache type associated with brain infarcts. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Evidence that headache of any type by itself or in combination with brain lesions was associated with cognitive impairment was lacking. 	 CONCLUSIONS
CCR2 plays a key role in regulating monocyte trafficking to sites of inflammation and therefore has been the focus of much interest as a target for inflammatory disease. 	 BACKGROUND
Here we examined the effects of CCR2 blockade with a potent small molecule antagonist to determine the pharmacodynamic consequences on the peripheral blood monocyte compartment in the context of acute and chronic inflammatory processes. 	 METHODS
We demonstrate that CCR2 antagonism in vivo led to a rapid decrease in the number of circulating Ly6Chi monocytes and that this decrease was largely due to the CXCR4-dependent sequestration of these cells in the bone marrow, providing pharmacological evidence for a mechanism by which monocyte dynamics are regulated in vivo. 	 RESULTS
CCR2 antagonism led to an accumulation of circulating CCL2 and CCL7 levels in the blood, indicating a role for CCR2 in regulating the levels of its ligands under homeostatic conditions. 	 RESULTS
Finally, we show that the pharmacodynamic changes due to CCR2 antagonism were apparent after chronic dosing in mouse experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis, a model in which CCR2 blockade demonstrated a dramatic reduction in disease severity, manifest in a reduced accumulation of monocytes and other cells in the CNS. 	 RESULTS
CCR2 antagonism in vivo has tractable pharmacodynamic effects that can be used to align target engagement with biologic effects on disease activity. 	 CONCLUSION
Sleep disturbances are most prevalent among older adults and often go untreated. 	 IMPORTANCE
Treatment options for sleep disturbances remain limited, and there is a need for community-accessible programs that can improve sleep. 	 IMPORTANCE
To determine the efficacy of a mind-body medicine intervention, called mindfulness meditation, to promote sleep quality in older adults with moderate sleep disturbances. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Randomized clinical trial with 2 parallel groups conducted from January 1 to December 31, 2012, at a medical research center among an older adult sample (mean [SD] age, 66.3 [7.4] years) with moderate sleep disturbances (Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index [PSQI] >5). 	 OBJECTIVE
A standardized mindful awareness practices (MAPs) intervention (n = 24) or a sleep hygiene education (SHE) intervention (n = 25) was randomized to participants, who received a 6-week intervention (2 hours per week) with assigned homework. 	 INTERVENTIONS
The study was powered to detect between-group differences in moderate sleep disturbance measured via the PSQI at postintervention. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
Secondary outcomes pertained to sleep-related daytime impairment and included validated measures of insomnia symptoms, depression, anxiety, stress, and fatigue, as well as inflammatory signaling via nuclear factor (NF)-κB.   RESULTS Using an intent-to-treat analysis, participants in the MAPs group showed significant improvement relative to those in the SHE group on the PSQI. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
With the MAPs intervention, the mean (SD) PSQIs were 10.2 (1.7) at baseline and 7.4 (1.9) at postintervention. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
With the SHE intervention, the mean (SD) PSQIs were 10.2 (1.8) at baseline and 9.1 (2.0) at postintervention. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
The between-group mean difference was 1.8 (95% CI, 0.6-2.9), with an effect size of 0.89. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
The MAPs group showed significant improvement relative to the SHE group on secondary health outcomes of insomnia symptoms, depression symptoms, fatigue interference, and fatigue severity (P < .05 for all). 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
Between-group differences were not observed for anxiety, stress, or NF-κB, although NF-κB concentrations significantly declined over time in both groups (P < .05). 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
The use of a community-accessible MAPs intervention resulted in improvements in sleep quality at immediate postintervention, which was superior to a highly structured SHE intervention. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
Formalized mindfulness-based interventions have clinical importance by possibly serving to remediate sleep problems among older adults in the short term, and this effect appears to carry over into reducing sleep-related daytime impairment that has implications for quality of life. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT01534338. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
To summarise the effects of anthelmintic drug treatment on growth and cognitive performance in children. 	 OBJECTIVE
Electronic databases: Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group controlled trial register, Cochrane controlled trials register, Embase, and Medline. 	 DATA SOURCES
Citations of all identified trials. 	 DATA SOURCES
Contact with the World Health Organization and field researchers. 	 DATA SOURCES
Systematic review of randomised controlled trials in children aged 1-16 that compared anthelmintic treatment with placebo or no treatment. 	 REVIEW METHODS
Assessment of validity and data abstraction conducted independently by two reviewers. 	 REVIEW METHODS
Growth and cognitive performance. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Thirty randomised controlled trials in more than 15 000 children were identified. 	 RESULTS
Effects on mean weight were unremarkable, and heterogeneity was evident in the results. 	 RESULTS
There were some positive effects on mean weight change in the trials reporting this outcome: after a single dose (any anthelmintic) the pooled estimates were 0.24 kg (95% confidence interval 0.15 kg to 0. 	 RESULTS
32 kg; fixed effects model assumed) and 0.38 kg (0.01 kg to 0.77 kg; random effects model assumed). 	 RESULTS
Results from trials of multiple doses showed mean weight change in up to one year of follow up of 0.10 kg (0.04 kg to 0.17 kg; fixed effects) or 0.15 kg (0.00 to 0.30; random effects). 	 RESULTS
At more than one year of follow up, mean weight change was 0.12 kg (-0.02 kg to 0.26 kg; fixed effects) and 0.43 (-0.61 to 1. 47; random effects). 	 RESULTS
Results from studies of cognitive performance were inconclusive. 	 RESULTS
There is some limited evidence that routine treatment of children in areas where helminths are common has effects on weight gain, but this is not consistent between trials. 	 CONCLUSIONS
There is insufficient evidence as to whether this intervention improves cognitive performance. 	 CONCLUSIONS
We assessed whether transpleural methods for diagnosing peripheral lung cancer, such as needle aspiration or tumor excision, affect relapse and prognosis, because these techniques have potential to spread malignant cells from the tumor. 	 STUDY OBJECTIVE
A retrospective study. 	 DESIGN
National referral hospital. 	 SETTING
We reviewed 239 patients who underwent surgery between 1990 and 1998 and for whom non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) of < 3 cm in maximum diameter was completely resected. 	 PATIENTS
The duration of postoperative follow-up ranged from 12 to 105 months, with a median period of 45 months. 	 PATIENTS
We defined the transbronchial method as using a bronchoscope, and the transpleural method as using needle aspiration cytology or tumor excision. 	 INTERVENTIONS
Dichotomous variables included gender, histologic type of squamous cell carcinoma or other type of carcinoma, pathologic stage, and whether the diagnostic method was the transbronchial type only (first-line method) or the transpleural type (second-line method). 	 INTERVENTIONS
was diagnosed in 45 patients by the transpleural technique and in 194 patients by the transbronchial technique. 	 RESULTS NSCLC
There were no significant statistical differences in age of patients, gender, histologic type, pathologic stage, and tumor size. 	 RESULTS NSCLC
There were 42 relapses, 7 in the transpleural technique group and 35 in the transbronchial technique group (p = 0.90). 	 RESULTS NSCLC
Of the 7 patients in the transpleural group, there were 4 distant metastasis and 3 local relapses; of the 35 patients in the transbronchial group, there were 20 distant metastasis and 15 local relapses (p = 0.99). 	 RESULTS NSCLC
Pleural carcinomatosis occurred in none of the 45 patients in the transpleural group and in 1 case (0.5%) in the 194 patients in the transbronchial group (p = 0.99). 	 RESULTS NSCLC
Patients in the transpleural group had a statistically better 5-year survival rate than patients in the transbronchial group (79.4% vs 60.3%, p = 0.04). 	 RESULTS NSCLC
This is also confirmed as an independent prognostic factor in a multivariate analysis. 	 RESULTS NSCLC
Transpleural methods seem to be an advisable way to diagnose operable lung cancer that is difficult to diagnose using bronchoscopy, because these methods did not affect relapse and prognosis in the patients in our study. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Over the past decade malaria intervention coverage has been scaled up across Africa. 	 BACKGROUND
However, it remains unclear what overall reduction in transmission is achievable using currently available tools. 	 BACKGROUND
We developed an individual-based simulation model for Plasmodium falciparum transmission in an African context incorporating the three major vector species (Anopheles gambiae s.s., An. 	 METHODS
arabiensis, and An. 	 METHODS
funestus) with parameters obtained by fitting to parasite prevalence data from 34 transmission settings across Africa. 	 METHODS
We incorporated the effect of the switch to artemisinin-combination therapy (ACT) and increasing coverage of long-lasting insecticide treated nets (LLINs) from the year 2000 onwards. 	 METHODS
We then explored the impact on transmission of continued roll-out of LLINs, additional rounds of indoor residual spraying (IRS), mass screening and treatment (MSAT), and a future RTS,S/AS01 vaccine in six representative settings with varying transmission intensity (as summarized by the annual entomological inoculation rate, EIR: 1 setting with low, 3 with moderate, and 2 with high EIRs), vector-species combinations, and patterns of seasonality. 	 METHODS
In all settings we considered a realistic target of 80% coverage of interventions. 	 RESULTS
In the low-transmission setting (EIR approximately 3 ibppy [infectious bites per person per year]), LLINs have the potential to reduce malaria transmission to low levels (<1% parasite prevalence in all age-groups) provided usage levels are high and sustained. 	 RESULTS
In two of the moderate-transmission settings (EIR approximately 43 and 81 ibppy), additional rounds of IRS with DDT coupled with MSAT could drive parasite prevalence below a 1% threshold. 	 RESULTS
However, in the third (EIR = 46) with An. 	 RESULTS
arabiensis prevailing, these interventions are insufficient to reach this threshold. 	 RESULTS
In both high-transmission settings (EIR approximately 586 and 675 ibppy), either unrealistically high coverage levels (>90%) or novel tools and/or substantial social improvements will be required, although considerable reductions in prevalence can be achieved with existing tools and realistic coverage levels. 	 RESULTS
Interventions using current tools can result in major reductions in P. falciparum malaria transmission and the associated disease burden in Africa. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Reduction to the 1% parasite prevalence threshold is possible in low- to moderate-transmission settings when vectors are primarily endophilic (indoor-resting), provided a comprehensive and sustained intervention program is achieved through roll-out of interventions. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In high-transmission settings and those in which vectors are mainly exophilic (outdoor-resting), additional new tools that target exophagic (outdoor-biting), exophilic, and partly zoophagic mosquitoes will be required. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This review explores the molecular, neurological, and behavioural outcomes in animal models of uterine artery ligation. 	 AIM
We analyse the relevance of this type of model to the pathological and functional phenotypes that are consistent with cerebral palsy and its developmental comorbidities in humans. 	 AIM
A literature search of the PubMed database was conducted for research using the uterine artery ligation model published between 1990 and 2013. 	 METHOD
From the studies included, any relevant neuroanatomical and behavioural deficits were then summarized from each document and used for further analysis. 	 METHOD
There were 25 papers that met the criteria included for review, and several outcomes were summarized from the results of these papers. 	 RESULTS
Fetuses with growth restriction demonstrated a gradient of reduced body weight with a relative sparing of brain mass. 	 RESULTS
There was a significant reduction in the size of the somatosensory cortex, hippocampus, and corpus callosum. 	 RESULTS
The motor cortex appeared to be spared of identifiable deficits. 	 RESULTS
Apoptotic proteins were upregulated, while those important to neuronal survival, growth, and differentiation were downregulated. 	 RESULTS
Neuronal apoptosis and astrogliosis occurred diffusely throughout the brain regions. 	 RESULTS
White matter injury involved oligodendrocyte precursor maturation arrest, hypomyelination, and an aberrant organization of existing myelin. 	 RESULTS
Animals with growth restriction demonstrated deficits in gait, memory, object recognition, and spatial processing. 	 RESULTS
This review concludes that neuronal death, white matter injury, motor abnormalities, and cognitive deficits are important outcomes of uterine artery ligation in animal models. 	 INTERPRETATION
Therefore, this is a clinically relevant type of model, as these findings resemble deficits in human cerebral palsy. 	 INTERPRETATION
Good-quality artemisinin drugs are essential for malaria treatment, but increasing prevalence of poor-quality artemisinin drugs in many endemic countries hinders effective management of malaria cases. 	 BACKGROUND
To develop a point-of-care assay for rapid identification of counterfeit and substandard artemisinin drugs for resource-limited areas, we used specific monoclonal antibodies against artesunate and artemether, and developed prototypes of lateral flow dipstick assays. 	 METHODS
In this pilot test, we evaluated the feasibility of these dipsticks under different endemic settings and their performance in the hands of untrained personnel. 	 METHODS
The results showed that the dipstick tests can be successfully performed by different investigators with the included instruction sheet. 	 RESULTS
None of the artemether and artesunate drugs collected from public pharmacies in different endemic countries failed the test. 	 RESULTS
It is possible that the simple dipstick assays, with future optimization of test conditions and sensitivity, can be used as a qualitative and semi-quantitative assay for rapid screening of counterfeit artemisinin drugs in endemic settings. 	 CONCLUSION
The heritable haemoglobinopathy alpha(+)-thalassaemia is caused by the reduced synthesis of alpha-globin chains that form part of normal adult haemoglobin (Hb). 	 BACKGROUND
Individuals homozygous for alpha(+)-thalassaemia have microcytosis and an increased erythrocyte count. 	 BACKGROUND
Alpha(+)-thalassaemia homozygosity confers considerable protection against severe malaria, including severe malarial anaemia (SMA) (Hb concentration < 50 g/l), but does not influence parasite count. 	 BACKGROUND
We tested the hypothesis that the erythrocyte indices associated with alpha(+)-thalassaemia homozygosity provide a haematological benefit during acute malaria. 	 BACKGROUND
Data from children living on the north coast of Papua New Guinea who had participated in a case-control study of the protection afforded by alpha(+)-thalassaemia against severe malaria were reanalysed to assess the genotype-specific reduction in erythrocyte count and Hb levels associated with acute malarial disease. 	 METHODS
We observed a reduction in median erythrocyte count of approximately 1.5 x 10(12)/l in all children with acute falciparum malaria relative to values in community children (p < 0.001). 	 RESULTS
We developed a simple mathematical model of the linear relationship between Hb concentration and erythrocyte count. 	 RESULTS
This model predicted that children homozygous for alpha(+)-thalassaemia lose less Hb than children of normal genotype for a reduction in erythrocyte count of >1.1 x 10(12)/l as a result of the reduced mean cell Hb in homozygous alpha(+)-thalassaemia. 	 RESULTS
In addition, children homozygous for alpha(+)-thalassaemia require a 10% greater reduction in erythrocyte count than children of normal genotype (p = 0.02) for Hb concentration to fall to 50 g/l, the cutoff for SMA. 	 RESULTS
We estimated that the haematological profile in children homozygous for alpha(+)-thalassaemia reduces the risk of SMA during acute malaria compared to children of normal genotype (relative risk 0.52; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.24-1.12, p = 0.09). 	 RESULTS
The increased erythrocyte count and microcytosis in children homozygous for alpha(+)-thalassaemia may contribute substantially to their protection against SMA. 	 CONCLUSIONS
A lower concentration of Hb per erythrocyte and a larger population of erythrocytes may be a biologically advantageous strategy against the significant reduction in erythrocyte count that occurs during acute infection with the malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This haematological profile may reduce the risk of anaemia by other Plasmodium species, as well as other causes of anaemia. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Other host polymorphisms that induce an increased erythrocyte count and microcytosis may confer a similar advantage. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Avian influenza (AI) caused by H7 AI viruses (AIVs) of both low pathogenicity (LP) and high pathogenicity (HP) are notifiable poultry diseases. 	 BACKGROUND
Design and validate two RealTime reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reactions (RRT PCRs) for Eurasian H7 AIV detection and pathotyping. 	 OBJECTIVES
The H7 RRT PCRs amplified within the (i) HA2 and (ii) cleavage site CS regions of the haemagglutinin gene. 	 METHODS
Both were validated against 65 H7 AIVs, 57 non-H7 AIVs and 259 poultry swabs in comparison to M gene (AI generic) RRT PCR and virus isolation (VI). 	 METHODS
An additional 38 swabs and 20 tissue specimens extended validation against M gene RRT PCR. 	 METHODS
Both H7 RRT PCRs amplified all 61 Eurasian lineage H7 AIVs and none of 57 non-H7 AIVs. 	 RESULTS
A total of 297 poultry swabs were used to determine diagnostic sensitivity and specificity relative to M gene RRT PCR, sensitivity was 95.4% and 64.6% for the HA2 and CS RRT PCRs respectively, and specificity 97.9% and 99.6% respectively. 	 RESULTS
The H7 HA2 RRT PCR was more sensitive than VI. 	 RESULTS
This was emphasized by analysis of 37 swabs from turkeys infected experimentally with HPAI H7N1 virus sampled at 24 hours post-inoculation and LPAI H7N1 chicken infections sampled at 40-64 hours. 	 RESULTS
Although less sensitive, usefulness of the H7 CS RRT PCR was confirmed by the correct molecular pathotyping for all 61 Eurasian lineage H7 AIVs tested. 	 RESULTS
The high sensitivity of H7 HA2 RRT PCR confirms its suitability for use in poultry surveillance and disease diagnosis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
H7 CS RRT PCR provides an opportunity for rapid pathotyping of H7 AIVs. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Persistent inflammation has been proposed to contribute to various stages in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular disease. 	 BACKGROUND
Interleukin-6 receptor (IL6R) signalling propagates downstream inflammation cascades. 	 BACKGROUND
To assess whether this pathway is causally relevant to coronary heart disease, we studied a functional genetic variant known to affect IL6R signalling. 	 BACKGROUND
In a collaborative meta-analysis, we studied Asp358Ala (rs2228145) in IL6R in relation to a panel of conventional risk factors and inflammation biomarkers in 125,222 participants. 	 METHODS
We also compared the frequency of Asp358Ala in 51,441 patients with coronary heart disease and in 136,226 controls. 	 METHODS
To gain insight into possible mechanisms, we assessed Asp358Ala in relation to localised gene expression and to postlipopolysaccharide stimulation of interleukin 6. 	 METHODS
The minor allele frequency of Asp358Ala was 39%. 	 FINDINGS
Asp358Ala was not associated with lipid concentrations, blood pressure, adiposity, dysglycaemia, or smoking (p value for association per minor allele ≥0·04 for each). 	 FINDINGS
By contrast, for every copy of 358Ala inherited, mean concentration of IL6R increased by 34·3% (95% CI 30·4-38·2) and of interleukin 6 by 14·6% (10·7-18·4), and mean concentration of C-reactive protein was reduced by 7·5% (5·9-9·1) and of fibrinogen by 1·0% (0·7-1·3). 	 FINDINGS
For every copy of 358Ala inherited, risk of coronary heart disease was reduced by 3·4% (1·8-5·0). 	 FINDINGS
Asp358Ala was not related to IL6R mRNA levels or interleukin-6 production in monocytes. 	 FINDINGS
Large-scale human genetic and biomarker data are consistent with a causal association between IL6R-related pathways and coronary heart disease. 	 INTERPRETATION
British Heart Foundation; UK Medical Research Council; UK National Institute of Health Research, Cambridge Biomedical Research Centre; BUPA Foundation. 	 FUNDING
Using real-time quantitative methylation-specific PCR (RTQ-MSP), we quantified methylated p16INK4a sequences and determined the fractional concentrations of circulating tumor DNA in plasma, serum, and peripheral blood cells collected preoperatively, intraoperatively, and postoperatively from 49 patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). 	 PURPOSE AND EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
RTQ-MSP was sufficiently sensitive to detect down to 10 genome-equivalents of methylated p16INK4a sequences. 	 RESULTS
Quantitative MSP data were expressed in terms of the methylation index, which was the percentage of bisulfite converted unmethylated and methylated p16INK4a sequences that consisted of methylated p16INK4a sequences. 	 RESULTS
Quantities of methylated p16INK4a sequences were detected in peripheral circulation of 80% (23 of 29) of HCC patients. 	 RESULTS
No significant difference was seen in the detectability and concentrations of methylated p16INK4a sequences (range: 10-4046 genome-equivalents/ml) between preoperative plasma and serum samples from HCC patients. 	 RESULTS
Preoperatively, the p16INK4a methylation indices ranged from 0.2 to 100% and from 0.012 to 0.075% in the patients' plasma and buffy coat samples, respectively. 	 RESULTS
After surgical resection, the median p16INK4a methylation indices in plasma and buffy coat concordantly decreased 12- and 15-fold, respectively. 	 RESULTS
These results demonstrated the clinical usefulness and effectiveness of peripheral blood RTQ-MSP for detecting and monitoring HCC after treatment. 	 RESULTS
Furthermore, none of the intraoperative plasma samples and only two of the intraoperative buffy coat samples were p16INK4a methylation positive. 	 RESULTS
Quantification of epigenetic changes in peripheral blood by RTQ-MSP is useful for the detection and monitoring of HCC. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The level of total homocysteine (tHcy) that confers a risk of ischemic stroke is unsettled, and no prospective cohort studies have included sufficient elderly minority subjects. 	 BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE
We investigated the association between mild to moderate fasting tHcy level and the incidence of ischemic stroke, myocardial infarction, and vascular death in a multiethnic prospective study. 	 BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE
A population-based cohort was followed for vascular events (stroke, myocardial infarction, and vascular death). 	 METHODS
Baseline values of tHcy and methylmalonic acid were measured among 2939 subjects (mean age, 69+/-10; 61% women, 53% Hispanics, 24% blacks, and 20% whites). 	 METHODS
Cox proportional models were used to calculate hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs in tHcy categories after adjusting for age, race, education, renal insufficiency, B12 deficiency, and other risk factors. 	 METHODS
The adjusted HR for a tHcy level > or =15 micromol/L compared with <10 micromol/L was greatest for vascular death (HR=6.04; 95% CI, 3.44 to 10.60), followed by combined vascular events (HR=2.27; 95% CI, 1.51 to 3.43), ischemic stroke (HR=2.01; 95% CI, 1.00 to 4.05), and nonvascular death (HR=2.02; 95% CI, 1.31 to 3.14). 	 RESULTS
Mild to moderate elevations of tHcy of 10 to 15 micromol/L were not significantly predictive of ischemic stroke, but increased the risk of vascular death (2.27; 95% CI, 1.44 to 3.60) and combined vascular events (1.42; 95% CI, 1.06 to 1.88). 	 RESULTS
The effect of tHcy was stronger among whites and Hispanics, but not a significant risk factor for blacks. 	 RESULTS
Total Hcy elevations above 15 micromol/L are an independent risk factor for ischemic stroke, whereas mild elevations of tHcy of 10 to 15 micromol/L are less predictive. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The vascular effects of tHcy are greatest among whites and Hispanics, and less among blacks. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To estimate the present value of current and future funding needed for HIV treatment and prevention in 9 sub-Saharan African (SSA) countries that account for 70% of HIV burden in Africa under different scenarios of intervention scale-up. 	 OBJECTIVES
To analyse the gaps between current expenditures and funding obligation, and discuss the policy implications of future financing needs. 	 OBJECTIVES
We used the Goals module from Spectrum, and applied the most up-to-date cost and coverage data to provide a range of estimates for future financing obligations. 	 DESIGN
The four different scale-up scenarios vary by treatment initiation threshold and service coverage level. 	 DESIGN
We compared the model projections to current domestic and international financial sources available in selected SSA countries. 	 DESIGN
In the 9 SSA countries, the estimated resources required for HIV prevention and treatment in 2015-2050 range from US$98 billion to maintain current coverage levels for treatment and prevention with eligibility for treatment initiation at CD4 count of <500/mm(3) to US$261 billion if treatment were to be extended to all HIV-positive individuals and prevention scaled up. 	 RESULTS
With the addition of new funding obligations for HIV--which arise implicitly through commitment to achieve higher than current treatment coverage levels--overall financial obligations (sum of debt levels and the present value of the stock of future HIV funding obligations) would rise substantially. 	 RESULTS
Investing upfront in scale-up of HIV services to achieve high coverage levels will reduce HIV incidence, prevention and future treatment expenditures by realising long-term preventive effects of ART to reduce HIV transmission. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Future obligations are too substantial for most SSA countries to be met from domestic sources alone. 	 CONCLUSIONS
New sources of funding, in addition to domestic sources, include innovative financing. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Debt sustainability for sustained HIV response is an urgent imperative for affected countries and donors. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Circadian oscillations have been observed in animals, plants, fungi and cyanobacteria and play a fundamental role in coordinating the homeostasis and behavior of biological systems. 	 MOTIVATION
Genetically encoded molecular clocks found in nearly every cell, based on negative transcription/translation feedback loops and involving only a dozen genes, play a central role in maintaining these oscillations. 	 MOTIVATION
However, high-throughput gene expression experiments reveal that in a typical tissue, a much larger fraction ([Formula: see text]) of all transcripts oscillate with the day-night cycle and the oscillating species vary with tissue type suggesting that perhaps a much larger fraction of all transcripts, and perhaps also other molecular species, may bear the potential for circadian oscillations. 	 MOTIVATION
To better quantify the pervasiveness and plasticity of circadian oscillations, we conduct the first large-scale analysis aggregating the results of 18 circadian transcriptomic studies and 10 circadian metabolomic studies conducted in mice using different tissues and under different conditions. 	 RESULTS
We find that over half of protein coding genes in the cell can produce transcripts that are circadian in at least one set of conditions and similarly for measured metabolites. 	 RESULTS
Genetic or environmental perturbations can disrupt existing oscillations by changing their amplitudes and phases, suppressing them or giving rise to novel circadian oscillations. 	 RESULTS
The oscillating species and their oscillations provide a characteristic signature of the physiological state of the corresponding cell/tissue. 	 RESULTS
Molecular networks comprise many oscillator loops that have been sculpted by evolution over two trillion day-night cycles to have intrinsic circadian frequency. 	 RESULTS
These oscillating loops are coupled by shared nodes in a large network of coupled circadian oscillators where the clock genes form a major hub. 	 RESULTS
Cells can program and re-program their circadian repertoire through epigenetic and other mechanisms. 	 RESULTS
High-resolution and tissue/condition specific circadian data and networks available at http://circadiomics.igb.uci.edu. 	 AVAILABILITY AND IMPLEMENTATION
pfbaldi@ics.uci.edu   SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION Supplementary data are available at Bioinformatics online. 	 CONTACT
Information is scarce about the combined effects on breast cancer incidence of low-penetrance genetic susceptibility polymorphisms and environmental factors (reproductive, behavioural, and anthropometric risk factors for breast cancer). 	 BACKGROUND
To test for evidence of gene-environment interactions, we compared genotypic relative risks for breast cancer across the other risk factors in a large UK prospective study. 	 BACKGROUND
We tested gene-environment interactions in 7610 women who developed breast cancer and 10 196 controls without the disease, studying the effects of 12 polymorphisms (FGFR2-rs2981582, TNRC9-rs3803662, 2q35-rs13387042, MAP3K1-rs889312, 8q24-rs13281615, 2p-rs4666451, 5p12-rs981782, CASP8-rs1045485, LSP1-rs3817198, 5q-rs30099, TGFB1-rs1982073, and ATM-rs1800054) in relation to prospectively collected information about ten established environmental risk factors (age at menarche, parity, age at first birth, breastfeeding, menopausal status, age at menopause, use of hormone replacement therapy, body-mass index, height, and alcohol consumption). 	 METHODS
After allowance for multiple testing none of the 120 comparisons yielded significant evidence of a gene-environment interaction. 	 FINDINGS
By contrast with previous suggestions, there was little evidence that the genotypic relative risks were affected by use of hormone replacement therapy, either overall or for oestrogen-receptor-positive disease. 	 FINDINGS
Only one of the 12 polymorphisms was correlated with any of the ten other risk factors: carriers of the high-risk C allele of MAP3K1-rs889312 were significantly shorter than non-carriers (mean height 162.4 cm [95% CI 162.1-162.7] vs 163.1 cm [162.9-163.2]; p=0.01 after allowance for multiple testing). 	 FINDINGS
Risks of breast cancer associated with low-penetrance susceptibility polymorphisms do not vary significantly with these ten established environmental risk factors. 	 INTERPRETATION
Cancer Research UK and the UK Medical Research Council. 	 FUNDING
Multiple mechanisms have been advanced to account for CD4+FOXP3+ regulatory T cell (Treg)-mediated suppression of CD4+ effector T cells (Teffs) but none appear to completely explain suppression. 	 BACKGROUND
Previous data indicates that Tregs may affect the microenvironment redox state. 	 BACKGROUND
Given the inherent redox sensitivity of T cells, we tested the hypothesis that oxidants may mediate the direct suppression of Teffs by Tregs. 	 BACKGROUND
METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS Tregs and Teffs were isolated from the spleens of wild type (WT) C57BL/6 mice or Ncf1(p47phox)-deficient C57BL/6 mice which lack NADPH oxidase function. 	 BACKGROUND
Teffs were labeled with CFSE and co-cultured with unlabeled Tregs at varying Treg:Teff ratios in the presence of anti-CD3/CD28 coated beads for 3 days in suppression assays. 	 BACKGROUND
Treg-mediated suppression was quantified by flow cytometric analysis of CFSE dilution in Teffs. 	 BACKGROUND
The presence of the antioxidants n-acetylcysteine (NAC) or 2-mercaptoethanol or inhibitors of NADPH oxidase (diphenyleneiodonium and VAS-2870) resulted in reduced WT Treg-mediated suppression. 	 BACKGROUND
The observed suppression was in part dependent upon TGFβ as it was partially blocked with neutralizing antibodies. 	 BACKGROUND
The suppression of Teff proliferation induced by exogenous TGFβ treatment could be overcome with NAC. 	 BACKGROUND
Ncf1-deficient Teff were slightly but significantly less sensitive than WT Teff to suppression by exogenous TGFβ. 	 BACKGROUND
Ncf1-deficient Tregs suppressed Ncf1-deficient Teff very poorly compared to wild type controls. 	 BACKGROUND
There was partial but incomplete reconstitution of suppression in assays with WT Tregs and Ncf1-deficient Teff. 	 BACKGROUND
CONCLUSIONS/SIGNIFICANCE We present evidence that NADPH oxidase derived ROS plays a role in the direct Treg mediated suppression of CD4+ effector T cells in a process that is blocked by thiol-containing antioxidants, NADPH oxidase inhibitors or a lack of Ncf1 expression in Tregs and Teffs. 	 BACKGROUND
Oxidants may represent a potential new target for therapeutic modulation of Treg function. 	 BACKGROUND
The adult newt can regenerate lens from pigmented epithelial cells (PECs) of the dorsal iris via dedifferentiation. 	 PURPOSE
The purpose of this research is to obtain sequence resources for a newt lens regeneration study and to obtain insights of dedifferentiation at the molecular level. 	 PURPOSE
mRNA was purified from iris during dedifferentiation and its cDNA library was constructed. 	 METHODS
From the cDNA library 10,449 clones were sequenced and analyzed. 	 METHODS
From 10,449 reads, 780 contigs and 1,666 singlets were annotated. 	 RESULTS
The presence of several cancer- and apoptosis-related genes during newt dedifferentiation was revealed. 	 RESULTS
Moreover, several candidate genes, which might participate in reprogramming during dedifferentiation, were also found. 	 RESULTS
The expression of cancer- and apoptosis-related genes could be hallmarks during dedifferentiation. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The expression sequence tag (EST) resource is useful for the future study of newt dedifferentiation, and the sequence information is available in GenBank (accession numbers; FS290155-FS300559). 	 CONCLUSIONS
To evaluate the performance of reagent test strips in screening pregnant women for asymptomatic bacteriuria at their first visit to an antenatal clinic. 	 OBJECTIVE
Prospective case series. 	 DESIGN
Antenatal clinic of a large inner city maternity hospital. 	 SETTING
All women attending for their first antenatal clinic. 	 SUBJECTS
Patients taking antibiotics for any reason and those with urinary tract symptoms were excluded. 	 SUBJECTS
A midstream urine specimen was divided; half was sent for microscopy and formal bacteriological culture and the other half was tested with a commercial reagent strip test for the presence of blood, protein, nitrite, and leucocyte esterase. 	 INTERVENTION
Sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values of the reagent strips in diagnosing asymptomatic bacteriuria (defined as 10(5) colony forming units/ml urine). 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Sensitivity was low, with a maximum of 33% when all four tests were used in combination. 	 RESULTS
Specificity was high, with typical values of 99% or more. 	 RESULTS
Positive predictive value reached a maximum of 69% and negative predictive value was typically 95% or more. 	 RESULTS
Urine reagent strips are not sufficiently sensitive to be of use in the screening for asymptomatic bacteriuria and therefore many patients would be missed. 	 CONCLUSION
In view of the potentially serious sequelae of this condition in pregnant women we recommend that formal bacteriological investigation remain the investigation of choice in this group of patients. 	 CONCLUSION
MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are produced by the sequential processing of a long hairpin RNA transcript by Drosha and Dicer, an RNase III enzymes, and form transitory small RNA duplexes. 	 BACKGROUND
One strand of the duplex, which incorporates into RNA-induced silencing complex (RISC) and silences the gene expression is called guide strand, or miRNA; while the other strand of duplex is degraded and called the passenger strand, or miRNA*. Predicting the guide strand of miRNA is important for better understanding the RNA interference pathways. 	 BACKGROUND
This paper describes support vector machine (SVM) models developed for predicting the guide strands of miRNAs. 	 RESULTS
All models were trained and tested on a dataset consisting of 329 miRNA and 329 miRNA* pairs using five fold cross validation technique. 	 RESULTS
Firstly, models were developed using mono-, di-, and tri-nucleotide composition of miRNA strands and achieved the highest accuracies of 0.588, 0.638 and 0.596 respectively. 	 RESULTS
Secondly, models were developed using split nucleotide composition and achieved maximum accuracies of 0.553, 0.641 and 0.602 for mono-, di-, and tri-nucleotide respectively. 	 RESULTS
Thirdly, models were developed using binary pattern and achieved the highest accuracy of 0.708. 	 RESULTS
Furthermore, when integrating the secondary structure features with binary pattern, an accuracy of 0.719 was seen. 	 RESULTS
Finally, hybrid models were developed by combining various features and achieved maximum accuracy of 0.799 with sensitivity 0.781 and specificity 0.818. 	 RESULTS
Moreover, the performance of this model was tested on an independent dataset that achieved an accuracy of 0.80. 	 RESULTS
In addition, we also compared the performance of our method with various siRNA-designing methods on miRNA and siRNA datasets. 	 RESULTS
In this study, first time a method has been developed to predict guide miRNA strands, of miRNA duplex. 	 CONCLUSION
This study demonstrates that guide and passenger strand of miRNA precursors can be distinguished using their nucleotide sequence and secondary structure. 	 CONCLUSION
This method will be useful in understanding microRNA processing and can be implemented in RNA silencing technology to improve the biological and clinical research. 	 CONCLUSION
A web server has been developed based on SVM models described in this study (http://crdd.osdd.net:8081/RISCbinder/). 	 CONCLUSION
Transmission of dengue viruses (DENV), the leading cause of arboviral disease worldwide, is known to vary through time and space, likely owing to a combination of factors related to the human host, virus, mosquito vector, and environment. 	 BACKGROUND
An improved understanding of variation in transmission patterns is fundamental to conducting surveillance and implementing disease prevention strategies. 	 BACKGROUND
To test the hypothesis that DENV transmission is spatially and temporally focal, we compared geographic and temporal characteristics within Thai villages where DENV are and are not being actively transmitted. 	 BACKGROUND
Cluster investigations were conducted within 100 m of homes where febrile index children with (positive clusters) and without (negative clusters) acute dengue lived during two seasons of peak DENV transmission. 	 METHODS
Data on human infection and mosquito infection/density were examined to precisely (1) define the spatial and temporal dimensions of DENV transmission, (2) correlate these factors with variation in DENV transmission, and (3) determine the burden of inapparent and symptomatic infections. 	 METHODS
Among 556 village children enrolled as neighbors of 12 dengue-positive and 22 dengue-negative index cases, all 27 DENV infections (4.9% of enrollees) occurred in positive clusters (p < 0.01; attributable risk [AR] = 10.4 per 100; 95% confidence interval 1-19.8 per 100]. 	 RESULTS
In positive clusters, 12.4% of enrollees became infected in a 15-d period and DENV infections were aggregated centrally near homes of index cases. 	 RESULTS
As only 1 of 217 pairs of serologic specimens tested in positive clusters revealed a recent DENV infection that occurred prior to cluster initiation, we attribute the observed DENV transmission subsequent to cluster investigation to recent DENV transmission activity. 	 RESULTS
Of the 1,022 female adult Ae. 	 RESULTS
aegypti collected, all eight (0.8%) dengue-infected mosquitoes came from houses in positive clusters; none from control clusters or schools. 	 RESULTS
Distinguishing features between positive and negative clusters were greater availability of piped water in negative clusters (p < 0.01) and greater number of Ae. 	 RESULTS
aegypti pupae per person in positive clusters (p = 0.04). 	 RESULTS
During primarily DENV-4 transmission seasons, the ratio of inapparent to symptomatic infections was nearly 1:1 among child enrollees. 	 RESULTS
Study limitations included inability to sample all children and mosquitoes within each cluster and our reliance on serologic rather than virologic evidence of interval infections in enrollees given restrictions on the frequency of blood collections in children. 	 RESULTS
Our data reveal the remarkably focal nature of DENV transmission within a hyperendemic rural area of Thailand. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These data suggest that active school-based dengue case detection prompting local spraying could contain recent virus introductions and reduce the longitudinal risk of virus spread within rural areas. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Our results should prompt future cluster studies to explore how host immune and behavioral aspects may impact DENV transmission and prevention strategies. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Cluster methodology could serve as a useful research tool for investigation of other temporally and spatially clustered infectious diseases. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Bariatric surgery is associated with sustained weight loss and improved physical health status for severely obese individuals. 	 IMPORTANCE
Mental health conditions may be common among patients seeking bariatric surgery; however, the prevalence of these conditions and whether they are associated with postoperative outcomes remains unknown. 	 IMPORTANCE
To determine the prevalence of mental health conditions among bariatric surgery candidates and recipients, to evaluate the association between preoperative mental health conditions and health outcomes following bariatric surgery, and to evaluate the association between surgery and the clinical course of mental health conditions. 	 OBJECTIVE
We searched PubMed, MEDLINE on OVID, and PsycINFO for studies published between January 1988 and November 2015. 	 DATA SOURCES
Study quality was assessed using an adapted tool for risk of bias; quality of evidence was rated based on GRADE (Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation) criteria. 	 DATA SOURCES
We identified 68 publications meeting inclusion criteria: 59 reporting the prevalence of preoperative mental health conditions (65,363 patients) and 27 reporting associations between preoperative mental health conditions and postoperative outcomes (50,182 patients). 	 FINDINGS
Among patients seeking and undergoing bariatric surgery, the most common mental health conditions, based on random-effects estimates of prevalence, were depression (19% [95% CI, 14%-25%]) and binge eating disorder (17% [95% CI, 13%-21%]). 	 FINDINGS
There was conflicting evidence regarding the association between preoperative mental health conditions and postoperative weight loss. 	 FINDINGS
Neither depression nor binge eating disorder was consistently associated with differences in weight outcomes. 	 FINDINGS
Bariatric surgery was, however, consistently associated with postoperative decreases in the prevalence of depression (7 studies; 8%-74% decrease) and the severity of depressive symptoms (6 studies; 40%-70% decrease). 	 FINDINGS
Mental health conditions are common among bariatric surgery patients-in particular, depression and binge eating disorder. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
There is inconsistent evidence regarding the association between preoperative mental health conditions and postoperative weight loss. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
Moderate-quality evidence supports an association between bariatric surgery and lower rates of depression postoperatively. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
Although we know that exacerbations are key events in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), our understanding of their frequency, determinants, and effects is incomplete. 	 BACKGROUND
In a large observational cohort, we tested the hypothesis that there is a frequent-exacerbation phenotype of COPD that is independent of disease severity. 	 BACKGROUND
We analyzed the frequency and associations of exacerbation in 2138 patients enrolled in the Evaluation of COPD Longitudinally to Identify Predictive Surrogate Endpoints (ECLIPSE) study. 	 METHODS
Exacerbations were defined as events that led a care provider to prescribe antibiotics or corticosteroids (or both) or that led to hospitalization (severe exacerbations). 	 METHODS
Exacerbation frequency was observed over a period of 3 years. 	 METHODS
Exacerbations became more frequent (and more severe) as the severity of COPD increased; exacerbation rates in the first year of follow-up were 0.85 per person for patients with stage 2 COPD (with stage defined in accordance with Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease [GOLD] stages), 1.34 for patients with stage 3, and 2.00 for patients with stage 4. 	 RESULTS
Overall, 22% of patients with stage 2 disease, 33% with stage 3, and 47% with stage 4 had frequent exacerbations (two or more in the first year of follow-up). 	 RESULTS
The single best predictor of exacerbations, across all GOLD stages, was a history of exacerbations. 	 RESULTS
The frequent-exacerbation phenotype appeared to be relatively stable over a period of 3 years and could be predicted on the basis of the patient's recall of previous treated events. 	 RESULTS
In addition to its association with more severe disease and prior exacerbations, the phenotype was independently associated with a history of gastroesophageal reflux or heartburn, poorer quality of life, and elevated white-cell count. 	 RESULTS
Although exacerbations become more frequent and more severe as COPD progresses, the rate at which they occur appears to reflect an independent susceptibility phenotype. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This has implications for the targeting of exacerbation-prevention strategies across the spectrum of disease severity. 	 CONCLUSIONS
(Funded by GlaxoSmithKline; ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00292552.) 	 CONCLUSIONS
To quantify effect on mortality of administering human albumin or plasma protein fraction during management of critically ill patients. 	 OBJECTIVE
Systematic review of randomised controlled trials comparing administration of albumin or plasma protein fraction with no administration or with administration of crystalloid solution in critically ill patients with hypovolaemia, burns, or hypoalbuminaemia. 	 DESIGN
30 randomised controlled trials including 1419 randomised patients. 	 SUBJECTS
Mortality from all causes at end of follow up for each trial. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
For each patient category the risk of death in the albumin treated group was higher than in the comparison group. 	 RESULTS
For hypovolaemia the relative risk of death after albumin administration was 1.46 (95% confidence interval 0.97 to 2.22), for burns the relative risk was 2.40 (1.11 to 5.19), and for hypoalbuminaemia 	 RESULTS
it was 1.69 (1.07 to 2.67). 	 RESULTS
Pooled relative risk of death with albumin administration was 1.68 (1.26 to 2.23). 	 RESULTS
Pooled difference in the risk of death with albumin was 6% (95% confidence interval 3% to 9%) with a fixed effects model. 	 RESULTS
These data suggest that for every 17 critically ill patients treated with albumin there is one additional death. 	 RESULTS
There is no evidence that albumin administration reduces mortality in critically ill patients with hypovolaemia, burns, or hypoalbuminaemia and a strong suggestion that it may increase mortality. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These data suggest that use of human albumin in critically ill patients should be urgently reviewed and that it should not be used outside the context of rigorously conducted, randomised controlled trials. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Human papillomavirus (HPV) DNA testing of women having Papanicolaou (Pap) smears showing atypical squamous cells of undetermined significance (ASCUS) has clinical usefulness. 	 CONTEXT
Whether HPV DNA testing alone is useful in primary screening remains to be determined. 	 CONTEXT
To determine the accuracy of HPV DNA testing for detecting cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) grade 3 or cancer (the criterion standard). 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Between December 1997 and October 2000, 4075 women who attended Planned Parenthood clinics in Washington State were screened simultaneously using thin-layer Pap and HPV DNA testing by a polymerase chain reaction (PCR)-based method and by a liquid-based RNA-DNA hybridization capture with signal amplification assay (signal amplification). 	 OBJECTIVE
Women who were positive for high-risk HPV types, or had Pap results of ASCUS or higher, were considered to have positive screening test results and were referred for colposcopy and biopsy. 	 OBJECTIVE
Additionally, a random sample of women with negative screening test results was referred for colposcopy. 	 OBJECTIVE
Based on individual and combined thin-layer Pap, HPV PCR, and HPV signal amplification test results from the screening and the colposcopy visits, 7 colposcopy triage strategies were defined and evaluated. 	 OBJECTIVE
Sensitivity and specificity for detecting cervical lesions graded CIN 3 or higher for each of the 7 triage strategies. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
The estimated prevalence of CIN 3 or higher was 3.2%. 	 RESULTS
The sensitivity (95% confidence interval) of thin-layer Pap (with a result of > or = ASCUS) for identifying women with CIN 3 or higher was only 61.3% (48.5%-70.9%) compared with 88.2% (78.9%-93.8%) for HPV testing by PCR and 90.8% (83.1%-95.8%) by signal amplification. 	 RESULTS
Differences in specificities were also observed: 82.4% (81.8%-83.1%) for thin-layer Pap (with a result of > or = ASCUS), 78.8% (77.9%-79.7%) for PCR, and 72.6% (69.4%-75.0%) for signal amplification. 	 RESULTS
Compared with referral for colposcopy of all women with ASCUS or higher, signal amplification testing of women with ASCUS and referral of those with a positive result was about as sensitive (61.3% vs 60.3%, respectively) and significantly more specific (82.4% vs 88.9%, respectively). 	 RESULTS
The strategy requiring repeat positive PCR tests on 2 visits had a sensitivity of 84.2% (75.3%-91.0%) and a specificity of 86.2% (85.1%-87.3%). 	 RESULTS
All tests were more specific and less sensitive in older (> or = 30 years) vs younger women. 	 RESULTS
Testing for HPV has higher sensitivity but lower specificity than thin-layer Pap screening. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In some settings, particularly where screening intervals are long or haphazard, screening for HPV DNA may be a reasonable alternative to cytology-based screening of reproductive-age women. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The aim of the study was to report the 2-year outcome after a displaced 3-part fracture of the proximal humerus in elderly patients randomized to treatment with a locking plate or nonoperative treatment. 	 BACKGROUND
We included 60 patients, mean age 74 years (range, 56-92), 81% being women. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
The main outcome measures were the Constant and Disabilities of the Arm, Shoulder and Hand (DASH) scores and the health-related quality of life (HRQoL) according to the EQ-5D. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
At the final 2-year follow-up, the results for range of motion (ROM), function and HRQoL were all in favor of the locking plate group. 	 RESULTS
The mean flexion in the locking plate group was 120° compared to 111° in the nonoperative group (P = .36) and the mean abduction was 114° compared to 106° (P = .28). 	 RESULTS
The corresponding values for the Constant score were 61 versus 58 (P = .64), for DASH 26 versus 35 (P = .19), and the mean EQ-5D (index) score was 0.70 compared to 0.59 (P = .26). 	 RESULTS
In spite of good primary reduction in 86% of the fractures in the locking plate group, 13% of the patients had a fracture complication requiring a major reoperation and 17% had a minor reoperation. 	 RESULTS
The results of our study indicate an advantage in functional outcome and HRQoL in favor of the locking plate compared to nonoperative treatment in elderly patients with a displaced 3-part fracture of the proximal humerus, but at the cost of additional surgery in 30% of the patients. 	 CONCLUSION
Antiresorptive agents are widely used to treat osteoporosis. 	 BACKGROUND
We report the results of a multinational randomized, double-blind study, in which postmenopausal women with osteoporosis were treated with alendronate for up to 10 years. 	 BACKGROUND
The initial three-year phase of the study compared three daily doses of alendronate with placebo. 	 METHODS
Women in the original placebo group received alendronate in years 4 and 5 and then were discharged. 	 METHODS
Women in the original active-treatment groups continued to receive alendronate during the initial extension (years 4 and 5). 	 METHODS
In two further extensions (years 6 and 7, and 8 through 10), women who had received 5 mg or 10 mg of alendronate daily continued on the same treatment. 	 METHODS
Women in the discontinuation group received 20 mg of alendronate daily for two years and 5 mg daily in years 3, 4, and 5, followed by five years of placebo. 	 METHODS
Randomized group assignments and blinding were maintained throughout the 10 years. 	 METHODS
We report results for the 247 women who participated in all four phases of the study. 	 METHODS
Treatment with 10 mg of alendronate daily for 10 years produced mean increases in bone mineral density of 13.7 percent at the lumbar spine (95 percent confidence interval, 12.0 to 15.5 percent), 10.3 percent at the trochanter (95 percent confidence interval, 8.1 to 12.4 percent), 5.4 percent at the femoral neck (95 percent confidence interval, 3.5 to 7.4 percent), and 6.7 percent at the total proximal femur (95 percent confidence interval, 4.4 to 9.1 percent) as compared with base-line values; smaller gains occurred in the group given 5 mg daily. 	 RESULTS
The discontinuation of alendronate resulted in a gradual loss of effect, as measured by bone density and biochemical markers of bone remodeling. 	 RESULTS
Safety data, including fractures and stature, did not suggest that prolonged treatment resulted in any loss of benefit. 	 RESULTS
The therapeutic effects of alendronate were sustained, and the drug was well tolerated over a 10-year period. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The discontinuation of alendronate resulted in the gradual loss of its effects. 	 CONCLUSIONS
P2Y12 inhibitor switching has appeared in clinical practice as a consequence of prasugrel and ticagrelor availability, apart from clopidogrel, for use in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). 	 BACKGROUND
In the context of the GReek AntiPlatelet REgistry (GRAPE) we assessed the prevalence, predictive factors and short-term outcome of in-hospital P2Y12 inhibitor switching in 1794 ACS patients undergoing PCI. 	 METHODS
Switching occurred in 636 (35.5%) patients of which in the form of clopidogrel to a novel agent, novel agent to clopidogrel and between prasugrel and ticagrelor in 574 (90.4%), 34 (5.3%) and 27 (4.3%) patients, respectively. 	 RESULTS
Presentation to non PCI-capable hospital, bivalirudin use, age ≥75 years (inverse predictor), and regional trends emerged as predictive factors of switching to a novel agent. 	 RESULTS
At combined in-hospital and one-month follow-up, propensity matched pairs analysis showed no differences in major adverse cardiovascular (MACE) or bleeding events between switching from clopidogrel to a novel agent vs novel agent constant administration. 	 RESULTS
More Bleeding Academic Research Consortium type 1, type 2 and any type events and fewer MACE were seen when switching from clopidogrel to a novel agent vs only clopidogrel administration (23.7%, 3.8%, 30.6%, 1.2% vs 8.9%, 1.2%, 12.0%, 3.8% with P < .001, P = .03, P < .001 and P = .03 respectively). 	 RESULTS
In a real-life experience with contemporary antiplatelet treatment in ACS patients undergoing PCI, in-hospital switching represents common clinical practice. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Clinical factors and regional practice differences seem to affect this strategy's choice, while switching to a novel agent may be associated with higher risk of bleeding. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To test the validity of age at menarche self-reported in adulthood and examine whether socioeconomic position, education, experience of gynaecological events and psychological symptoms influence the accuracy of recall. 	 OBJECTIVE
Prospective birth cohort study. 	 DESIGN
England, Scotland and Wales. 	 SETTING
1050 women from the Medical Research Council National Survey of Health and Development, with two measures of age at menarche, one recorded in adolescence and the other self-reported at age 48 years. 	 PARTICIPANTS
By calculating the limits of agreement, kappa statistic and Pearson's correlation coefficients (r), we found that the validity of age at menarche self-reported in middle age compared with that recorded in adolescence was moderate (kappa = 0.35, r = 0.66, n = 1050). 	 RESULTS
Validity was improved by categorising age at menarche into three groups: early, normal and late (kappa = 0.43). 	 RESULTS
Agreement was influenced by educational level and having had a stillbirth or miscarriage. 	 RESULTS
The level of validity shown in this study throws some doubt on whether it is justifiable to use age at menarche self-reported in middle age. 	 CONCLUSIONS
It is likely to introduce error and bias, and researchers should be aware of these limitations and use such measures with caution. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is regarded as one of the most common malignancies and among the leading causes of cancer death among the whole world. 	 BACKGROUND
The most urgent needs are to find sensitive markers for early diagnosis for HCC. 	 BACKGROUND
MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are reported as a group of small non-coding RNAs that can function as endogenous RNA interference to regulate expression of the targeted genes. 	 BACKGROUND
This study was conducted to detect the serum and tissue expression of miR 21 and miR 199-a to be applied as early detectors for HCC. 	 BACKGROUND
A total of 40 serum and tissue samples (17 samples from chronic hepatitis and 23 samples from HCC patients) were collected. 	 METHODS
The levels of the two mature miRNAs (miR-21 and miR-199-a) were detected by real time quantitative reverse-transcriptase PCR (RT-qPCR) in sera and tissues of chronic hepatitis and HCC patients. 	 METHODS
Besides, miR-21 and miR-199-a levels in relation to clinical and pathological factors were explored. 	 METHODS
We found that the expression of serum miR-21 was distinctly increased in HCC compared with chronic hepatitis (P<0.001). 	 RESULTS
miR 199-a was distinctly decreased in HCC compared with chronic hepatitis (P<0.001). 	 RESULTS
In addition, median of miR 21 was increased in malignant when compared to adjacent non-malignant tissues without significant differences (P=0.191) while miR 199-a was significantly decreased in malignant when compared to adjacent nonmalignant tissues (P<0.001). 	 RESULTS
analysis showed that miR-21 and miR-199-a might be potential biomarkers for HCC. 	 ROC
In conclusion, the expression of miR-21 was significantly up-regulated and miR-199-a was significantly down regulated in serum of patients with HCC. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Due to their reasonable sensitivity and specificity for disease progression, miR-21 and miR-199-a could be used as potential circulating biomarkers for HCC. 	 CONCLUSIONS
There is controversy in published studies regarding the role of repeat whole brain radiation (WBRT) for previously irradiated brain metastases. 	 AIMS
The aim of our retrospective study was to document the practice at Princess Margaret Hospital with respect to the re-irradiation of patients with progressive or recurrent brain metastatic disease after initial WBRT. 	 AIMS
A comprehensive computerised database was used to identify patients treated for brain metastases with more than one course of WBRT between 1997 and 2003. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
Seventy-two patients were treated with WBRT for brain metastases and retreated with WBRT at a later date. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
The records of these patients were reviewed. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
The median age was 56.5 years. 	 RESULTS
The most common primary sites were lung (51 patients) and breast (17 patients). 	 RESULTS
The most frequent dose used for the initial radiotherapy was 20 Gy/5 fractions (62 patients). 	 RESULTS
The most common doses of re-irradiation were 25 Gy/10 fractions (22 patients), 20 Gy/10 fractions (12 patients), 15 Gy/5 fractions (11 patients) and 20 Gy/8 fractions (10 patients). 	 RESULTS
Thirty-one per cent of patients experienced a partial clinical response after re-irradiation, as judged by follow-up clinical notes; 27% remained stable; 32% deteriorated after re-irradiation. 	 RESULTS
Patients who had Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status 0-1 at the time of retreatment lived longer. 	 RESULTS
In responders, the mean duration of response was 5.1 months. 	 RESULTS
The median survival after re-irradiation was 4.1 months. 	 RESULTS
One patient was reported as having memory impairment and pituitary insufficiency after 5 months of progression-free survival. 	 RESULTS
Repeat radiotherapy may be a useful treatment in carefully selected patients. 	 CONCLUSION
With increased survival and better systemic options for patients with metastatic disease, more patients may be candidates for consideration of repeat WBRT for recurrent brain metastases, but prospective studies are needed to more clearly document their outcomes. 	 CONCLUSION
To describe outcomes and identify variables associated with hospital and 1-year survival for patients admitted to an intensive care unit (ICU) with an acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). 	 OBJECTIVE
Prospective, multicenter, inception cohort study. 	 DESIGN
Forty-two ICUs at 40 US hospitals. 	 SETTING
A total of 362 admissions for COPD exacerbation selected from the Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation (APACHE) III database of 17,440 ICU admissions. 	 PATIENTS
Hospital mortality for the 362 admissions was 24%. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND RESULTS
For the 167 patients aged 65 years or older, mortality was 30% at hospital discharge, 41% at 90 days, 47% at 180 days, and 59% at 1 year. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND RESULTS
Median survival for all patients was 224 days, and median survival for the patients who died within 1 year was 30.5 days. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND RESULTS
On multiple regression analysis, variables associated with hospital mortality included age, severity of respiratory and nonrespiratory organ system dysfunction, and hospital length of stay before ICU admission. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND RESULTS
Development of nonrespiratory organ system dysfunction was the major predictor of hospital mortality (60% of total explanatory power) and 180-day outcomes (54% of explanatory power). 	 MEASUREMENTS AND RESULTS
Respiratory physiological variables (respiratory rate, serum pH, PaCO2, PaO2, and alveolar-arterial difference in partial pressure of oxygen [PAO2-PaO2]) indicative of advanced dysfunction were more strongly associated with 180-day mortality rates (22% of explanatory power) than hospital death rates (4% of explanatory power). 	 MEASUREMENTS AND RESULTS
After controlling for severity of illness, mechanical ventilation at ICU admission was not associated with either hospital mortality or subsequent survival. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND RESULTS
Patients with COPD admitted to an ICU for an acute exacerbation have a substantial hospital mortality (24%). 	 CONCLUSIONS
For patients aged 65 years or older, mortality doubles in 1 year from 30% to 59%. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Hospital and longer-term mortality is closely associated with development of nonrespiratory organ system dysfunction; severity of the underlying respiratory function substantially influences mortality following hospital discharge. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The need for mechanical ventilation at ICU admission did not influence either short- or long-term outcomes. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Physicians should be aware of these relationships when making treatment decisions or evaluating new therapies. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The measurement of arginine vasopressin (AVP) is often cumbersome because it is unstable with a short half-life time. 	 CONTEXT
is derived from a larger precursor peptide along with the more stable peptide copeptin. 	 AVP
Copeptin is the C-terminal part of provasopressin and has been shown to be a useful tool to indicate AVP concentration in critically ill patients. 	 AVP
The objective of the study was to evaluate the clinical usefulness of copeptin as a new marker in disordered states of blood volume and plasma osmolality. 	 OBJECTIVE
This was a prospective observational study in a university hospital. 	 DESIGN AND SETTING
Three techniques with respective control studies were used in 24 healthy adults to produce changes in plasma osmolality and/or volume: 1) a 28-h water deprivation, 2) a 17-h hypertonic saline infusion combined with thirsting, and 3) a hypotonic saline infusion with iv desmopressin administration during free water intake. 	 PARTICIPANTS AND MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Water deprivation produced a weight loss of 1.7 kg, an increase in plasma osmolality to 294.8 +/- 	 RESULTS
4.3 mosmol/kg, and an increase of copeptin from 4.6 +/- 	 RESULTS
1.7 pmol/liter to 9.2 +/- 	 RESULTS
5.2 pmol/liter (P < 0.0001). 	 RESULTS
During hypertonic saline infusion and thirsting with a raise of plasma osmolality to 296.1 +/- 	 RESULTS
3.4 mosmol/kg, copeptin increased from 4.9 +/- 	 RESULTS
3.0 pmol/liter to 19.9 +/- 	 RESULTS
4.8 pmol/liter (P < 0.0001). 	 RESULTS
Conversely, during hypotonic saline infusion, plasma osmolality decreased to 271.3 +/- 	 RESULTS
4.1 mosmol/kg, and copeptin decreased from 6.2 +/- 	 RESULTS
2.4 pmol/liter to 2.4 +/- 	 RESULTS
2.1 pmol/liter (P < 0.01). 	 RESULTS
Copeptin shows identical changes during disordered water states as previously shown for AVP. 	 CONCLUSION
It might be a reliable marker of AVP secretion and substitute for the measurement of circulating AVP levels in clinical routine. 	 CONCLUSION
The epidemic of heart failure has yet to be fully investigated, and data on incidence, survival, and sex-specific temporal trends in community-based populations are limited. 	 CONTEXT
To test the hypothesis that the incidence of heart failure has declined and survival after heart failure diagnosis has improved over time but that secular trends have diverged by sex. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Population-based cohort study using the resources of the Rochester Epidemiology Project conducted in Olmsted County, Minnesota. 	 OBJECTIVE
Patients were 4537 Olmsted County residents (57% women; mean [SD] age, 74 [14] years) with a diagnosis of heart failure between 1979 and 2000. 	 OBJECTIVE
Framingham criteria and clinical criteria were used to validate the diagnosis   MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES Incidence of heart failure and survival after heart failure diagnosis. 	 OBJECTIVE
The incidence of heart failure was higher among men (378/100 000 persons; 95% confidence interval [CI], 361-395 for men; 289/100 000 persons; 95% CI, 277-300 for women) and did not change over time among men or women. 	 RESULTS
After a mean follow-up of 4.2 years (range, 0-23.8 years), 3347 deaths occurred, including 1930 among women and 1417 among men. 	 RESULTS
Survival after heart failure diagnosis was worse among men than women (relative risk, 1.33; 95% CI, 1.24-1.43) but overall improved over time (5-year age-adjusted survival, 43% in 1979-1984 vs 52% in 1996-2000, P<.001). 	 RESULTS
However, men and younger persons experienced larger survival gains, contrasting with less or no improvement for women and elderly persons. 	 RESULTS
In this community-based cohort, the incidence of heart failure has not declined during 2 decades, but survival after onset of heart failure has increased overall, with less improvement among women and elderly persons. 	 CONCLUSION
Tetracyclines such as doxycycline are reported to possess cytotoxic activity against mammalian tumor cells, but the mechanism of their effects on cell proliferation remains unclear. 	 BACKGROUND
The antitumor effect of doxycycline was investigated in human pancreatic cancer cell line, PANC-1. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
We also investigated the effect of doxycycline on expression of a potent proangiogenic factor, interleukin (IL)-8. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
In excess of 20 microg/ml, cytotoxic effects of doxycycline were accompanied by G(1)-S cell cycle arrest and DNA fragmentation in PANC-1 cells. 	 RESULTS
Doxycycline consistently activated transcription of p53, p21 and Fas/FasL-cascade-related genes, while reducing the expression of Bcl-xL and Mcl-1. 	 RESULTS
Doxycycline (5 microg/ml) below the cytotoxic level suppressed endogenous and paclitaxel-induced IL-8 expression. 	 RESULTS
In the mouse xenograft model, doxycycline treatment was shown to suppress tumor growth by 80%. 	 RESULTS
These data suggest that doxycycline exerts its antitumor effect by activating proapoptotic genes, inhibiting IL-8 expression, and suppressing antiapoptotic genes. 	 CONCLUSION
Children with chronic kidney disease (CKD) are at risk for cognitive dysfunction, and over half have hypertension. 	 BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES
Data on the potential contribution of hypertension to CKD-associated neurocognitive deficits in children are limited. 	 BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES
Our objective was to determine whether children with CKD and elevated BP (EBP) had decreased performance on neurocognitive testing compared with children with CKD and normal BP. 	 BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES
DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS This was a cross-sectional analysis of the relation between auscultatory BP and neurocognitive test performance in children 6 to 17 years enrolled in the Chronic Kidney Disease in Children (CKiD) project. 	 BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES
Of 383 subjects, 132 (34%) had EBP (systolic BP and/or diastolic BP ≥90(th) percentile). 	 RESULTS
Subjects with EBP had lower mean (SD) scores on Wechsler Abbreviated Scales of Intelligence (WASI) Performance IQ than those with normal BP (normal BP versus EBP, 96.1 (16.7) versus 92.4 (14.9), P = 0.03) and WASI Full Scale IQ (97.0 (16.2) versus 93.4 (16.5), P = 0.04). 	 RESULTS
BP index (subject's BP/95(th) percentile BP) correlated inversely with Performance IQ score (systolic, r = -0.13, P = 0.01; diastolic, r = -0.19, P < 0.001). 	 RESULTS
On multivariate analysis, the association between lower Performance IQ score and increased BP remained significant after controlling for demographic and disease-related variables (EBP, β = -3.7, 95% confidence interval [CI]: -7.3 to -0.06; systolic BP index, β = -1.16 to 95% CI: -2.1, -0.21; diastolic BP index, β = -1.17, 95% CI: -1.8 to -0.55). 	 RESULTS
Higher BP was independently associated with decreased WASI Performance IQ scores in children with mild-to-moderate CKD. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Deadenylation regulates RNA function and fate. 	 BACKGROUND
Poly(A)-specific ribonuclease (PARN) is a deadenylase that processes mRNAs and non-coding RNA. 	 BACKGROUND
Little is known about the biological significance of germline mutations in PARN. 	 BACKGROUND
We identified mutations in PARN in patients with haematological and neurological manifestations. 	 METHODS
Genomic, biochemical and knockdown experiments in human marrow cells and in zebrafish have been performed to clarify the role of PARN in the human disease. 	 METHODS
We identified large monoallelic deletions in PARN in four patients with developmental delay or mental illness. 	 RESULTS
One patient in particular had a severe neurological phenotype, central hypomyelination and bone marrow failure. 	 RESULTS
This patient had an additional missense mutation on the non-deleted allele and severely reduced PARN protein and deadenylation activity. 	 RESULTS
Cells from this patient had impaired oligoadenylation of specific H/ACA box small nucleolar RNAs. 	 RESULTS
Importantly, PARN-deficient patient cells manifested short telomeres and an aberrant ribosome profile similar to those described in some variants of dyskeratosis congenita. 	 RESULTS
Knocking down PARN in human marrow cells and zebrafish impaired haematopoiesis, providing further evidence for a causal link with the human disease. 	 RESULTS
Large monoallelic mutations of PARN can cause developmental/mental illness. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Biallelic PARN mutations cause severe bone marrow failure and central hypomyelination. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The PAR(2) receptors are involved in chronic arthritis by mechanisms that are as yet unclear. 	 BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE
Here, we examined PAR(2) activation in the rat knee joint. 	 BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE
PAR(2) in rat knee joint dorsal root ganglia (DRG) cells at L3-L5, retrogradely labelled with Fluoro-gold (FG) were demonstrated immunohistochemically. 	 EXPERIMENTAL APPROACH
Electrophysiological recordings from knee joint nerve fibres in urethane anaesthetized Wistar rats assessed the effects of stimulating joint PAR(2) with its activating peptide, 2-furoyl-LIGRLO-NH(2) (1-100 nmol·100 μL(-1) , via close intra-arterial injection). 	 EXPERIMENTAL APPROACH
Fibre firing rate was recorded during joint rotations before and 15 min after administration of PAR(2) activating peptide or control peptide. 	 EXPERIMENTAL APPROACH
Leukocyte kinetics in the synovial vasculature upon PAR(2) activation were followed by intravital microscopy for 60 min after perfusion of 2-furoyl-LIGRLO-NH(2) or control peptide. 	 EXPERIMENTAL APPROACH
Roles for transient receptor potential vanilloid-1 (TRPV1) or neurokinin-1 (NK(1) ) receptors in the PAR(2) responses were assessed using the selective antagonists, SB366791 and RP67580 respectively. 	 EXPERIMENTAL APPROACH
PAR(2) were expressed in 59 ± 5% of FG-positive DRG cells; 100 nmol 2-furoyl-LIGRLO-NH(2) increased joint fibre firing rate during normal and noxious rotation, maximal at 3 min (normal; 110 ± 43%, noxious; 90 ± 31%). 	 KEY RESULTS
2-Furoyl-LIGRLO-NH(2) also significantly increased leukocyte rolling and adhesion over 60 min. 	 KEY RESULTS
All these effects were blocked by pre-treatment with SB366791 and RP67580 (P < 0.05 compared with 2-furoyl-LIGRLO-NH(2) alone). 	 KEY RESULTS
PAR(2) receptors play an acute inflammatory role in the knee joint via TRPV1- and NK(1) -dependent mechanisms involving both PAR(2) -mediated neuronal sensitization and leukocyte trafficking. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS
To characterize the relationship between aneurysm size and epidemiologic risk factors with growth and rupture by using computed tomographic (CT) angiography. 	 PURPOSE
In this HIPAA-compliant, institutional review board approved study, patients with known asymptomatic unruptured intracerebral aneurysms were followed up longitudinally with CT angiographic examinations. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
Growth was defined as an increase in one or more dimensions above the measurement error, and at least 5% volume by using the ABC/2 method. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
Associations of epidemiologic factors with aneurysm growth and rupture were analyzed by using logistic regression analysis. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
Intra- and interobserver agreement coefficients for dimension, volume, and growth were evaluated by using the Pearson correlation coefficient and difference of means with 95% confidence intervals, the agreement statistic, and the McNemar χ(2). 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
Patients (n = 165) with aneurysms (n = 258) had a mean follow-up time of 2.24 years from time of diagnosis. 	 RESULTS
Forty-six of 258 (18%) aneurysms in 38 patients grew larger. 	 RESULTS
Spontaneous rupture occurred in four of 228 (1.8%) intradural aneurysms of average size (6.2 mm). 	 RESULTS
Risk of aneurysm rupture per patient-year was 2.4% (95% CI: 0.5%, 7.12%) with growth and 0.2% (95% CI: 0.006%, 1.22%) without growth (P = .034). 	 RESULTS
There was a 12-fold higher risk of rupture for growing aneurysms (P < .002), with high intra- and interobserver correlation coefficients for size, volume, and growth. 	 RESULTS
Tobacco smoking (3.806, one degree of freedom; P < .015,) and initial size (5.895, two degrees of freedom; P < .051) were independent covariates, predicting 78.4% of growing aneurysms. 	 RESULTS
These results support imaging follow-up of all patients with aneurysms, including those whose aneurysms are smaller than the current 7-mm treatment threshold. 	 CONCLUSION
Aneurysm growth, size, and smoking were associated with increased rupture risk. 	 CONCLUSION
Risedronate, a potent bisphosphonate, has been shown to be effective in the treatment of Paget disease of bone and other metabolic bone diseases but, to our knowledge, it has not been evaluated in the treatment of established postmenopausal osteoporosis. 	 CONTEXT
To test the efficacy and safety of daily treatment with risedronate to reduce the risk of vertebral and other fractures in postmenopausal women with established osteoporosis. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of 2458 ambulatory postmenopausal women younger than 85 years with at least 1 vertebral fracture at baseline who were enrolled at 1 of 110 centers in North America conducted between December 1993 and January 1998. 	 OBJECTIVE
Subjects were randomly assigned to receive oral treatment for 3 years with risedronate (2.5 or 5 mg/d) or placebo. 	 INTERVENTIONS
All subjects received calcium, 1000 mg/d. 	 INTERVENTIONS
Vitamin D (cholecalciferol, up to 500 IU/d) was provided if baseline levels of 25-hydroxyvitamin D were low. 	 INTERVENTIONS
Incidence of new vertebral fractures as detected by quantitative and semiquantitative assessments of radiographs; incidence of radiographically confirmed nonvertebral fractures and change from baseline in bone mineral density as determined by dual x-ray absorptiometry. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
The 2.5 mg/d of risedronate arm was discontinued after 1 year; in the placebo and 5 mg/d of risedronate arms, 450 and 489 subjects, respectively, completed all 3 years of the trial. 	 RESULTS
Treatment with 5 mg/d of risedronate, compared with placebo, decreased the cumulative incidence of new vertebral fractures by 41 % (95% confidence interval [CI], 18%-58%) over 3 years (11.3 % vs 16.3%; P= .003). 	 RESULTS
A fracture reduction of 65% (95% CI, 38%-81 %) was observed after the first year (2.4% vs 6.4%; P<.001). 	 RESULTS
The cumulative incidence of nonvertebral fractures over 3 years was reduced by 39% (95% CI, 6%-61 %) (5.2 % vs 8.4%; P = .02). 	 RESULTS
Bone mineral density increased significantly compared with placebo at the lumbar spine (5.4% vs 1.1 %), femoral neck (1.6% vs -1.2%), femoral trochanter (3.3% vs -0.7%), and midshaft of the radius (0.2% vs -1.4%). 	 RESULTS
Bone formed during risedronate treatment was histologically normal. 	 RESULTS
The overall safety profile of risedronate, including gastrointestinal safety, was similar to that of placebo. 	 RESULTS
These data suggest that risedronate therapy is effective and well tolerated in the treatment of women with established postmenopausal osteoporosis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To describe and explain the primary care experiences of people with multiple long-term conditions in England. 	 OBJECTIVES
Using questionnaire data from 906,578 responders to the English 2012 General Practice Patient Survey, we describe the primary care experiences of patients with long-term conditions, including 583,143 patients who reported one or more long-term conditions. 	 DESIGN AND METHODS
We employed mixed effect logistic regressions to analyse data on six items covering three care domains (access, continuity and communication) and a single item on overall primary care experience. 	 DESIGN AND METHODS
We controlled for sociodemographic characteristics, and for general practice using a random effect, and further, controlled for, and explored the importance of, health-related quality of life measured using the EuroQoL (EQ-5D) scale. 	 DESIGN AND METHODS
Most patients with long-term conditions report a positive experience of care at their general practice (after adjusting for sociodemographic characteristics and general practice, range 74.0-93.1% reporting positive experience of care across seven questions) with only modest variation by type of condition. 	 RESULTS
For all three domains of patient experience, an increasing number of comorbid conditions is associated with a reducing percentage of patients reporting a positive experience of care. 	 RESULTS
For example, compared with respondents with no long-term condition, the OR for reporting a positive experience is 0.83 (95% CI 0.80 to 0.87) for respondents with four or more long-term conditions. 	 RESULTS
However, this relationship is no longer observed after adjusting for health-related quality of life (OR (95% CI) single condition=1.23 (1.21 to 1.26); four or more conditions=1.31 (1.25 to 1.37)), with pain making the greatest difference among five quality of life variables included in the analysis. 	 RESULTS
Patients with multiple long-term conditions more frequently report worse experiences in primary care. 	 CONCLUSIONS
However, patient-centred measures of health-related quality of life, especially pain, are more important than the number of conditions in explaining why patients with multiple long-term conditions report worse experiences of care. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To investigate comparative national trends in mortality from conditions amenable to timely, appropriate medical care and from those considered not to be amenable to such care. 	 OBJECTIVE
Analysis of trends in direct age standardised mortality from the 1950s to 1987. 	 DESIGN
Four eastern European nations (Hungary, Czechoslovakia, Poland, the German Democratic Republic) and two western European (the Federal Republic of Germany and England and Wales) and two North American nations (United States and Canada). 	 SETTING
The total populations of the relevant countries during the period examined. 	 SUBJECTS
Proportional changes over time in age standardised mortality. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Mortality from amenable and non-amenable causes was restricted to the age group 0-64. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
A divergence in the trends for all cause mortality between eastern Europe and the western nations occurred in about 1970, when the rates in western countries steadily declined but those in eastern Europe remained fairly static. 	 RESULTS
In the age group 0-64 mortality from causes considered amenable to medical care fell less quickly in eastern Europe than in the West, particularly after 1970. 	 RESULTS
In the same age group, mortality from non-amenable causes rose in eastern European countries from the late 1960s compared with substantial declines in such mortality in the West. 	 RESULTS
Non-amenable causes of death seem to be the principal, but not exclusive, reason for lack of improvement in trends in all cause mortality in eastern Europe from 1970. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The agenda for action in eastern Europe should give priority to a healthier lifestyle and improvement of the environment though not neglect enhancements in the quality and efficiency of direct health services. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To report data relating to the informed uptake of screening tests. 	 OBJECTIVE
Electronic databases, bibliographies and experts were used to identify relevant published and unpublished studies up until August 2000. 	 SEARCH STRATEGY
RCTs, quasi-RCTs and controlled trials of interventions aimed at increasing the informed uptake of screening. 	 INCLUSION CRITERIA
All participants were eligible as defined by the entry criteria of individual programmes. 	 INCLUSION CRITERIA
Studies had to report actual uptake and meet three out of four criteria used to define informed uptake. 	 INCLUSION CRITERIA
Relevant studies were identified, data extracted and their validity assessed by two reviewers independently. 	 DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS
Outcome data included screening uptake, knowledge, informed decision-making and attitudes to screening. 	 DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS
A random-effects model was used to calculate individual relative risks and 95% confidence intervals. 	 DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS
Six controlled trials (five RCTs and one quasi-RCT), focusing on antenatal and prostate specific antigen screening, were included. 	 MAIN RESULTS
All reported risks/benefits of screening and assessed knowledge. 	 MAIN RESULTS
Two also assessed decision-making. 	 MAIN RESULTS
Two reported risks/benefits to all randomized groups and evaluated different ways of presenting information. 	 MAIN RESULTS
Neither found that interventions such as videos, information leaflets with decision trees, or touch screen computers conveyed any additional benefits over well-prepared leaflets. 	 MAIN RESULTS
There is some evidence to suggest that changing the format of informed choice interventions in screening does not alter knowledge, satisfaction or decisions about screening. 	 CONCLUSIONS
It is not clear whether informed choice in screening affects uptake. 	 CONCLUSIONS
More well-designed RCTs are required and further research should also be directed towards the development of a valid instrument for measuring all components of informed choice in screening. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Five or more circulating tumor cells (CTCs) per 7.5 mL of blood predicts for poorer progression-free survival (PFS) in patients with metastatic breast cancer (MBC). 	 PURPOSE
We conducted a prospective study to demonstrate that CTC results correlate strongly with radiographic disease progression at the time of and in advance of imaging. 	 PURPOSE
Serial CTC levels were obtained in patients starting a new treatment regimen for progressive, radiographically measurable MBC. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Peripheral blood was collected for CTC enumeration at baseline and at 3- to 4-week intervals. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Clinical outcomes were based on radiographic studies performed in 9- to 12-week intervals. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Sixty-eight patients were evaluable for the CTC-imaging correlations, and 74 patients were evaluable for the PFS analysis. 	 RESULTS
Median follow-up was 13.3 months. 	 RESULTS
A statistically significant correlation was demonstrated between CTC levels and radiographic disease progression in patients receiving chemotherapy or endocrine therapy. 	 RESULTS
This correlation applied to CTC results obtained at the time of imaging (odds ratio [OR], 6.3), 3 to 5 weeks before imaging (OR, 3.1), and 7 to 9 weeks before imaging (OR, 4.9). 	 RESULTS
Results from analyses stratified by type of therapy remained statistically significant. 	 RESULTS
Shorter PFS was observed for patients with five or more CTCs at 3 to 5 weeks and at 7 to 9 weeks after the start of treatment. 	 RESULTS
We provide, to our knowledge, the first evidence of a strong correlation between CTC results and radiographic disease progression in patients receiving chemotherapy or endocrine therapy for MBC. 	 CONCLUSION
These findings support the role of CTC enumeration as an adjunct to standard methods of monitoring disease status in MBC. 	 CONCLUSION
Gastric bypass patients with a range of disturbed eating patterns before surgery may be at risk of returning to old patterns postoperatively. 	 BACKGROUND
Recent research has shown that binge eating is common among the obese before surgery as well as in the postoperative maintenance phase and appears to be linked to poorer outcome. 	 BACKGROUND
Although "grazing" behavior has not been specifically studied, it is also a high-risk pattern. 	 BACKGROUND
This paper is a descriptive investigation summarizing postoperative eating patterns in a group of patients. 	 BACKGROUND
Patients completed self-report questionnaires before surgery and were seen for a preoperative mental health evaluation with particular focus on assessing eating patterns. 	 METHODS
Patients with high-risk eating patterns, both binge eating and "grazing", were identified, invited to attend a post-surgery therapy group, and were given additional follow-up questionnaires regarding postoperative eating patterns. 	 METHODS
Consistent with recent studies, many high-risk patients reported recurrent loss of control over eating and, in some cases, subsequent weight gain. 	 RESULTS
Although no longer able to eat large amounts, "grazing" became a more common pattern, appearing >or=6 months following surgery. 	 RESULTS
Different forms of overeating need to be assessed in this population, focusing on the subjective loss of control rather than on the quantity consumed. 	 CONCLUSION
Although many patients do not meet strict criteria for binge eating disorder before surgery, these "grazers" are also high-risk. 	 CONCLUSION
Former binge eaters often turn into "grazers" following surgery. 	 CONCLUSION
Interventions are needed for at-risk patients. 	 CONCLUSION
Real-time adherence monitoring is now possible through medication storage devices equipped with cellular technology. 	 BACKGROUND
We assessed the effect of triggered cell phone reminders and counseling using objective adherence data on antiretroviral therapy (ART) adherence among Chinese HIV-infected patients. 	 BACKGROUND
We provided ART patients in Nanning, China, with a medication device (Wisepill) to monitor their ART adherence electronically. 	 METHODS
After 3 months, we randomized subjects within optimal (≥95%) and suboptimal (<95%) adherence strata to intervention vs. control arms. 	 METHODS
In months 4-9, intervention subjects received individualized reminders triggered by late dose taking (no device opening by 30 minutes past dose time) and counseling using device-generated data. 	 METHODS
Controls received no reminders or data-informed counseling. 	 METHODS
We compared postintervention proportions achieving optimal adherence, mean adherence, and clinical outcomes. 	 METHODS
Of 120 subjects enrolled, 116 (96.7%) completed the trial. 	 RESULTS
Preintervention optimal adherence was similar in intervention vs. control arms (63.5% vs. 58.9%, respectively; P = 0.60). 	 RESULTS
In the last intervention month, 87.3% vs. 51.8% achieved optimal adherence [risk ratio (RR): 1.7, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.3 to 2.2] and mean adherence was 96.2% vs. 89.1% (P = 0.003). 	 RESULTS
Among preintervention suboptimal adherers, 78.3% vs. 33.3% (RR: 2.4, CI: 1.2 to 4.5) achieved optimal adherence and mean adherence was 93.3% vs. 84.7% (P = 0.039). 	 RESULTS
Proportions were 92.5% and 62.9% among optimal adherers, respectively (RR: 1.5, CI: 1.1 to 1.9) and mean adherence was 97.8% vs. 91.7% (P = 0.028). 	 RESULTS
Postintervention clinical outcomes were not significant. 	 RESULTS
Real-time reminders significantly improved ART adherence in this population. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This approach seems promising for managing HIV and other chronic diseases and warrants further investigation and adaptation in other settings. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Most gynecologists determine therapy based on current International Society of Gynecologic Pathologists (ISGP)/World Health Organization classification of endometrial hyperplasia, the reproducibility of which has been questioned. 	 BACKGROUND
The Gynecologic Oncology Group (GOG) initiated a protocol to assess the efficacy of hormonal therapy of atypical endometrial hyperplasia (AEH). 	 BACKGROUND
Primary goals of the first phase (Part A) were to prospectively determine reproducibility of referring institution's pathologist's diagnosis of AEH by a panel of 3 gynecologic pathologists and to determine reproducibility of diagnoses by panel members. 	 BACKGROUND
Three hundred six women were entered on this protocol with a referring institution's pathologist diagnosis of AEH based on biopsy or curettage. 	 METHODS
Available slides were assessed independently and interpreted by each of a panel of 3 gynecologic pathologists who used International Society of Gynecologic Pathologists (ISGP)/World Health Organization criteria. 	 METHODS
The majority diagnosis was based on diagnostic concordance by at least 2 of the 3 panelists. 	 METHODS
The referring institution's pathologist's diagnosis of AEH was supported by the majority of the panel in only 38% of cases. 	 RESULTS
Overall kappa value for the panel diagnosis of AEH was 0.28. 	 RESULTS
The majority diagnosis was adenocarcinoma in 29%, cycling endometrium in 7%, and nonatypical hyperplasia in 18% of cases. 	 RESULTS
Unanimous agreement for any diagnosis was reached among all 3 of the panel in 40% of cases. 	 RESULTS
For the panel, paired kappa values for any diagnosis ranged 0.34-0.43, with an overall kappa value of 0.40. 	 RESULTS
Reproducibility of referring institution's pathologists' diagnosis of AEH by a panel of gynecologic pathologists is poor. 	 CONCLUSION
Both underestimation and overestimation of the severity of the lesion are very common. 	 CONCLUSION
The level of reproducibility among subspecialist panel members for diagnosis of AEH in these specimens also is poor. 	 CONCLUSION
Better criteria and better sampling are needed to improve reproducibility of this diagnosis, particularly if it is to be used for clinical decisions. 	 CONCLUSION
To resolve uncertainty as to the risk of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS) associated with sleeping in bed with your baby if neither parent smokes and the baby is breastfed. 	 OBJECTIVE
Bed sharing was defined as sleeping with a baby in the parents' bed; room sharing as baby sleeping in the parents' room. 	 DESIGN
Frequency of bed sharing during last sleep was compared between babies who died of SIDS and living control infants. 	 DESIGN
Five large SIDS case-control datasets were combined. 	 DESIGN
Missing data were imputed. 	 DESIGN
Random effects logistic regression controlled for confounding factors. 	 DESIGN
Home sleeping arrangements of infants in 19 studies across the UK, Europe and Australasia. 	 SETTING
1472 SIDS cases, and 4679 controls. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Each study effectively included all cases, by standard criteria. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Controls were randomly selected normal infants of similar age, time and place. 	 PARTICIPANTS
In the combined dataset, 22.2% of cases and 9.6% of controls were bed sharing, adjusted OR (AOR) for all ages 2.7; 95% CI (1.4 to 5.3). 	 RESULTS
Bed sharing risk decreased with increasing infant age. 	 RESULTS
When neither parent smoked, and the baby was less than 3 months, breastfed and had no other risk factors, the AOR for bed sharing versus room sharing was 5.1 (2.3 to 11.4) and estimated absolute risk for these room sharing infants was very low (0.08 (0.05 to 0.14)/1000 live-births). 	 RESULTS
This increased to 0.23 (0.11 to 0.43)/1000 when bed sharing. 	 RESULTS
Smoking and alcohol use greatly increased bed sharing risk. 	 RESULTS
Bed sharing for sleep when the parents do not smoke or take alcohol or drugs increases the risk of SIDS. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Risks associated with bed sharing are greatly increased when combined with parental smoking, maternal alcohol consumption and/or drug use. 	 CONCLUSIONS
A substantial reduction of SIDS rates could be achieved if parents avoided bed sharing. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To define the impact of chronic viremia and associated immune activation on B-cell exhaustion in HIV infection. 	 OBJECTIVE
Progressive HIV infection is marked by B-cell anergy and exhaustion coupled with dramatic hypergammaglobulinemia. 	 DESIGN
Although both upregulation of CD95 and loss of CD21 have been used as markers of infection-associated B-cell dysfunction, little is known regarding the specific profiles of dysfunctional B cells and whether persistent viral replication and its associated immune activation play a central role in driving B-cell dysfunction. 	 DESIGN
Multiparameter flow cytometry was used to define the profile of dysfunctional B cells. 	 METHODS
The changes in the expression of CD21 and CD95 were tracked on B-cell subpopulations in patients with differential control of viral replication. 	 METHODS
: Although the emergence of exhausted, CD21 tissue-like memory B cells followed similar patterns in both progressors and controllers, the frequency of CD21 activated memory B cells was lower in spontaneous controllers. 	 RESULTS
Our results suggest that the loss of CD21 and the upregulation of CD95 occur as separate events during the development of B-cell dysfunction. 	 CONCLUSION
The loss of CD21 is a marker of B-cell exhaustion induced in the absence of appreciable viral replication, whereas the upregulation of CD95 is tightly linked to persistent viral replication and its associated immune activation. 	 CONCLUSION
Thus, these dysfunctional profiles potentially represent two functionally distinct states within the B-cell compartment. 	 CONCLUSION
The bidirectional relationships between metabolic syndrome (MetS) and schizophrenia (SCZ) play a crucial role in clinical treatment of both diseases but such bidirectional causal effects have not been comprehensively elucidated. 	 BACKGROUND
To investigate the influence of MetS on incident SCZ and the opposite direction as well as their predictors for each direction with a population-based cohort sample. 	 AIMS
We enrolled 76,545 subjects who had participated in a community-based health screening program during 1999-2004. 	 METHOD
After excluding those with the existing MetS or SCZ at baseline, the two normal prospective cohorts corresponding to each independent variable of MetS or SCZ, respectively, were followed over time to ascertain incident outcome of SCZ and MetS. The crude and adjusted hazard ratios for the effect of the predictor on each incident outcome were estimated after controlling for the possible confounding factors. 	 METHOD
The overall incidence rate (per 10(5)person-years) of SCZ was 61.15. 	 RESULTS
The incidence rate in patients with MetS was lower than those without (44.24 versus 64.20), indicating the presence of MetS failed to find an increased risk of developing incident SCZ. 	 RESULTS
However, participants with abnormal waist circumference (WC) were two times (95% CI: 1.37 to 2.93) more likely to yield incident SCZ compared to those with normal WC. 	 RESULTS
In the opposite direction, the incidence of MetS was statistically higher in patients with SCZ than those without SCZ (11.25% vs 7.94%, respectively), suggesting SCZ conferred a higher risk for yielding incident MetS (adjusted hazard ratio=1.89, 95% CI: 1.36, 2.63). 	 RESULTS
After examining the bidirectional causal relationships between SCZ and MetS with the theoretically sound and large population-based prospective cohort study, central obesity, one of the individual components of MetS, was corroborated as an independent predictor for incident SCZ. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Patients diagnosed with SCZ were at greater risk of having incident cases of MetS. Such significant temporal bidirectional relationships between SCZ and central obesity suggest a reciprocal interaction exits between SCZ and central obesity. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Large-scale genome projects generate a rapidly increasing number of sequences, most of them biochemically uncharacterized. 	 MOTIVATION
Research in bioinformatics contributes to the development of methods for the computational characterization of these sequences. 	 MOTIVATION
However, the installation and application of these methods require experience and are time consuming. 	 MOTIVATION
We present here an automatic system for preliminary functional annotation of protein sequences that has been applied to the analysis of sets of sequences from complete genomes, both to refine overall performance and to make new discoveries comparable to those made by human experts. 	 RESULTS
The GeneQuiz system includes a Web-based browser that allows examination of the evidence leading to an automatic annotation and offers additional information, views of the results, and links to biological databases that complement the automatic analysis. 	 RESULTS
System structure and operating principles concerning the use of multiple sequence databases, underlying sequence analysis tools, lexical analyses of database annotations and decision criteria for functional assignments are detailed. 	 RESULTS
The system makes automatic quality assessments of results based on prior experience with the underlying sequence analysis tools; overall error rates in functional assignment are estimated at 2.5-5% for cases annotated with highest reliability ('clear' cases). 	 RESULTS
Sources of over-interpretation of results are discussed with proposals for improvement. 	 RESULTS
A conservative definition for reporting 'new findings' that takes account of database maturity is presented along with examples of possible kinds of discoveries (new function, family and superfamily) made by the system. 	 RESULTS
System performance in relation to sequence database coverage, database dynamics and database search methods is analysed, demonstrating the inherent advantages of an integrated automatic approach using multiple databases and search methods applied in an objective and repeatable manner. 	 RESULTS
The GeneQuiz system is publicly available for analysis of protein sequences through a Web server at http://www.sander.ebi.ac. 	 AVAILABILITY
uk/gqsrv/submit 	 AVAILABILITY
To examine associations between mean daily fluid balance during intensive care unit study enrollment and clinical outcomes in patients enrolled in the Randomized Evaluation of Normal vs. Augmented Level (RENAL) replacement therapy study. 	 OBJECTIVE
Statistical analysis of data from multicenter, randomized, controlled trials. 	 DESIGN
Thirty-five intensive care units in Australia and New Zealand. 	 SETTING
Cohort of 1453 patients enrolled in the RENAL study. 	 PATIENTS
We analyzed the association between daily fluid balance on clinical outcomes using multivariable logistic regression, Cox proportional hazards, time-dependent analysis, and repeated measure analysis models. 	 INTERVENTIONS
During intensive care unit stay, mean daily fluid balance among survivors was -234 mL/day compared with +560 mL/day among nonsurvivors (p < .0001). 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
Mean cumulative fluid balance over the same period was -1941 vs. +1755 mL (p = .0003). 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
A negative mean daily fluid balance during study treatment was independently associated with a decreased risk of death at 90 days (odds ratio 0.318; 95% confidence interval 0.24-0.43; p < .000.1) and with increased survival time (p < .0001). 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
In addition, a negative mean daily fluid balance was associated with significantly increased renal replacement-free days (p = .0017), intensive care unit-free days (p < .0001), and hospital-free days (p = .01). 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
These findings were unaltered after the application of different statistical models. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
In the RENAL study, a negative mean daily fluid balance was consistently associated with improved clinical outcomes. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Fluid balance may be a target for specific manipulation in future interventional trials of critically ill patients receiving renal replacement therapy. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To quantify the effects of quantity and frequency of alcohol consumption on risk of acute myocardial infarction and coronary death. 	 OBJECTIVE
Case-control study. 	 DESIGN
Lower Hunter region of New South Wales, Australia, 1983-94. 	 SETTING
Men and women aged 35-69 years. 	 SUBJECTS
Acute myocardial infarction or coronary death. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
Alcohol consumption patterns were compared between 11,511 cases of acute myocardial infarction or coronary death and 6077 controls randomly selected from the same study population. 	 RESULTS
After adjusting for the effects of age, smoking, and medical history, men and women who consumed one or two drinks of alcohol on five or six days a week had a reduction in risk of a major coronary event compared with men and women who were non-drinkers (odds ratios: men 0.31 (95% confidence interval 0.22 to 0.45); women 0.33 (0.18 to 0.59)). 	 RESULTS
A similar reduction in risk was found after excluding non-drinkers who were formerly moderate to heavy drinkers. 	 RESULTS
An acute protective effect of alcohol consumption was also found for regular drinkers who consumed one or two drinks in the 24 hours preceding the onset of symptoms (odds ratios: men 0.74 (0.51 to 1.09); women 0.43 (0.20 to 0.95)). 	 RESULTS
Frequency and quantity of alcohol consumption are important in assessing the risk of a major coronary event. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Risk is lowest among men who report one to four drinks daily on five or six days a week and among women who report one or two drinks daily on five or six days a week. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To assess mortality, quality of life (QOL), and quality-adjusted life-years (QALYs) for critically ill elderly patients. 	 OBJECTIVES
Cross-sectional survey. 	 DESIGN
A ten-bed medical-surgical intensive care unit (ICU) in a tertiary care university hospital. 	 SETTING
The study group included 882 elderly patients (> or =65 yrs of age) and 1,827 controls (<65 yrs of age) treated during the period of 1995 to 2000. 	 PATIENTS
None. 	 INTERVENTION
Mortality was assessed during the ICU and hospital stays, and 12, 24, and 36 months after ICU discharge. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
The cumulative 3-yr mortality rate among the elderly (57%) was higher (p < .05) than that among the controls (40%). 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
The majority (66%) of the elderly nonsurvivors died within 1 month after intensive care discharge. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
All elderly patients with day-1 Sequential Organ Failure (SOFA) scores >15 died during the ICU stay. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
was assessed with EQ-5D and RAND-36 measures from 10 months to 7 yrs after discharge. 	 QOL
The majority (88%) of the elderly survivors assessed their present health state as good or satisfactory; 66% found it to be similar or better than 12 months earlier, and 48% similar or better than their preadmission state. 	 QOL
measures by RAND-36 revealed that aging decreased their competencies most in physical functioning, physical role limitations, and vitality, but the elderly had better values in mental health than the controls. 	 QOL
However, QALYs of the elderly respondents were 21% to 35% lower than the mean QALY minus 2 sd units of the age- and gender-adjusted general population. 	 QOL
High age alone is not a valid reason to refuse intensive care, but the benefits perceived by intensive care seem to decrease with aging, if reflected as QALYs. 	 CONCLUSIONS
However, 97% of the elderly survivors lived at home and 88% of them considered their QOL satisfactory or good after hospital discharge. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Therefore, more reliable information on the outcome for the elderly is clearly needed. 	 CONCLUSIONS
OF REVIEW As the migration of neutrophils from blood to inflamed tissues is an essential component of innate immunity and a key contributing factor to the pathogenesis of inflammatory disorders, this aspect of leukocyte biology continues to be a highly dynamic field of research. 	 PURPOSE
This review summarizes recent findings in this area, focusing on the mechanisms that mediate neutrophil transmigration, an area where significant progress has been made. 	 PURPOSE
The topics to be covered will include responses that are prerequisite to neutrophil migration through venular walls, such as leukocyte luminal crawling and cellular and molecular changes in leukocytes and endothelial cells (e.g. formation of protrusions) that collectively support leukocyte transendothelial cell migration. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
Advances in both paracellular and transcellular neutrophil migration through endothelial cells will be discussed, addressing the associated roles and regulation of expression of endothelial cell luminal and junctional adhesion molecules. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
Beyond the endothelium, migration through the vascular pericyte coverage and basement membrane will be reviewed. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
The unquestionable role of neutrophils in the development and progression of inflammatory conditions suggests that a better understanding of the tissue-specific and stimulus-specific mechanisms that mediate this response may identify novel pathways that could be exploited for the development of more specific anti-inflammatory interventions. 	 SUMMARY
To investigate incidence, mortality and case survival trends for cancer of unknown primary site (CUP) and consider clinical implications. 	 OBJECTIVES
South Australian Cancer Registry data were used to calculate age-standardised incidence and mortality rates from 1977 to 2004. 	 METHOD
Disease-specific survivals, socio-demographic, histological and secular predictors of CUP, compared with cancers of known primary site, and of CUP histological types, using multivariable logistic regression were investigated. 	 METHOD
Incidence and mortality rates increased approximately 60% between 1977--80 and 1981--84. 	 RESULTS
Rates peaked in 1993--96. 	 RESULTS
Male to female incidence and mortality rate ratios approximated 1.3:1. 	 RESULTS
Incidence and mortality rates increased with age. 	 RESULTS
The odds of unspecified histological type, compared with the more common adenocarcinomas, were higher for males than females, non-metropolitan residents, low socio-economic areas, and for 1977--88 than subsequent diagnostic periods. 	 RESULTS
represented a higher proportion of cancers in Indigenous patients. 	 CUP
Case survival was 7% at 10 years from diagnosis. 	 CUP
Factors predictive of lower case survival included older age, male sex, Indigenous status, lower socio-economic status, and unspecified histology type. 	 CUP
Results point to poor CUP outcomes, but with a modest improvement in survival. 	 CONCLUSION
The study identifies socio-demographic groups at elevated risk of CUP and of worse treatment outcomes where increased research and clinical attention are required. 	 CONCLUSION
Although inhaled corticosteroids have an established role in the treatment of asthma, studies have tended to concentrate on non-smokers and little is known about the possible effect of cigarette smoking on the efficacy of treatment with inhaled steroids in asthma. 	 BACKGROUND
A study was undertaken to investigate the effect of active cigarette smoking on responses to treatment with inhaled corticosteroids in patients with mild asthma. 	 BACKGROUND
The effect of treatment with inhaled fluticasone propionate (1000 microg daily) or placebo for 3 weeks was studied in a double blind, prospective, randomised, placebo controlled study of 38 steroid naïve adult asthmatic patients (21 non-smokers). 	 METHODS
Efficacy was assessed using morning and evening peak expiratory flow (PEF) readings, spirometric parameters, bronchial hyperreactivity, and sputum eosinophil counts. 	 METHODS
Comparison was made between responses to treatment in non-smoking and smoking asthmatic patients. 	 METHODS
There was a significantly greater increase in mean morning PEF in non-smokers than in smokers following inhaled fluticasone (27 l/min v -5 l/min). 	 RESULTS
Non-smokers had a statistically significant increase in mean morning PEF (27 l/min), mean forced expiratory volume in 1 second (0.17 l), and geometric mean PC20 (2.6 doubling doses), and a significant decrease in the proportion of sputum eosinophils (-1.75%) after fluticasone compared with placebo. 	 RESULTS
No significant changes were observed in the smoking asthmatic patients for any of these parameters. 	 RESULTS
Active cigarette smoking impairs the efficacy of short term inhaled corticosteroid treatment in mild asthma. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This finding has important implications for the management of patients with mild asthma who smoke. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To systematically review and integrate data on the neurodevelopmental outcome of children after administration of a single course of antenatal corticosteroids for threatened preterm labor. 	 OBJECTIVE
MEDLINE, Scopus, CENTRAL, and www.clinicaltrials.gov (inception to August 2014) using combinations of the terms "prenatal," "antenatal," "cortico*," "*steroid*," "betamethasone," "dexamethasone," "neurodevelopment*," "*development*," and "follow-up. 	 DATA SOURCES
" 	 DATA SOURCES
We perused the references of the retrieved articles. 	 DATA SOURCES
OF STUDY SELECTION We included randomized and nonrandomized trials reporting on the neurodevelopmental outcomes of children whose mothers were administered a single course of betamethasone or dexamethasone antenatally for threatened preterm birth as opposed to placebo or no treatment. 	 METHODS
TABULATION, INTEGRATION, AND RESULTS Summary risk ratio (RR) was calculated for dichotomous data; standardized mean difference was calculated for trials that measured the same outcome but used different methods. 	 METHODS
Heterogeneity was assessed using the I statistic. 	 METHODS
Sensitivity and subgroup analyses were planned according to study design, specific steroid, and mean gestational age at birth. 	 METHODS
A single course of antenatal corticosteroids was associated with reduced risk for cerebral palsy (seven studies; treated: 390 of 5,199, untreated: 146 of 1,379; RR 0.678, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.564-0.815), psychomotor development index less than 70 (two studies; treated: 783 of 3,049, untreated: 258 of 969; RR 0.829, 95% CI 0.737-0.933), and severe disability (five studies; treated: 1,567 of 4,840, untreated: 475 of 1,211; RR 0.787, 95% CI 0.729-0.850). 	 METHODS
Steroid treatment increased the rates of intact survival (six studies; treated: 1,082 of 2,013, untreated: 273 of 561; RR 1.186, 95% CI 1.056-1.332). 	 METHODS
Betamethasone was found to significantly decrease the risk for severe disability and increase the rate of intact survival. 	 METHODS
Dexamethasone increased the rate of intact survival; however, data for dexametasone and the other planned subgroup analyses were limited (fewer than 1,000 children at most). 	 METHODS
The major limitations involved inclusion of nonrandomized studies and scarcity of data on finer neurodevelopmental outcomes. 	 METHODS
A single course of antenatal corticosteroids in women at high risk for preterm birth appears to improve most neurodevelopmental outcomes in offspring born before 34 weeks of gestation. 	 CONCLUSION
Minimal (< 10 mm thick) pleural effusion (PE) may represent an early phase of malignant PE, but its clinical relevance has rarely been studied. 	 PURPOSE
Therefore, we examined the proportion of minimal PE in patients with non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and its impact on survival. 	 PURPOSE
We also considered possible accumulation mechanisms in our data set. 	 PURPOSE
On the basis of PE status from chest computed tomography scans at diagnosis, 2,061 patients were classified into three groups: no PE, minimal PE, and malignant PE. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Twenty-one variables associated with four factors-patient, stage migration, tumor, and treatment-were investigated for correlation with survival. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Minimal PE presented in 272 patients (13.2%). 	 RESULTS
Of 2,061 patients, the proportion of each stage was the following: 5.2% stage I, 10.9% stage II, 13.2% stage IIIA, 23.8% stage IIIB, and 13.9% stage IV. 	 RESULTS
Minimal PE correlated significantly with shorter survival time than did no PE (median survival time, 7.7 v 17.7 months; log-rank P < .001), even after full adjustment with all variables (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.40; 95% CI, 1.21 to 1.62). 	 RESULTS
Prognostic impact of minimal PE was higher in early versus advanced stages (Pinteraction = .001). 	 RESULTS
In 237 patients (87.8%) with minimal PE, pleural invasion or attachment as a direct mechanism was observed, and it was an independent factor predicting worse survival (P = .03). 	 RESULTS
Minimal PE is a commonly encountered clinical concern in staging NSCLCs. 	 CONCLUSION
Its presence is an important prognostic factor of worse survival, especially in early-stage disease. 	 CONCLUSION
We investigated the outcome of repeated gamma knife radiosurgery (GKS) for local or remote recurrence after initial radiosurgery. 	 OBJECTIVE
We retrospectively reviewed 204 patients who were treated with GKS. 	 MATERIAL AND METHODS
Among them 43 patients (21%) underwent GKS more than once. 	 MATERIAL AND METHODS
The second GKS was given for recurrence at the previously treated sites in 16 patients, new lesions at remote sites in 13, and both local recurrence and new lesions in 14. 	 MATERIAL AND METHODS
The median survival from the first GKS was 36 (7-190) weeks in all patients and 68 (16-156) weeks in 43 patients with repeated GKS. 	 RESULTS
The median time from the first GKS to the second was 37 weeks. 	 RESULTS
The median survival from the second radiosurgical intervention was 32 (7-132) weeks. 	 RESULTS
Local control rate at 6 months after salvage GKS was 90.7%. 	 RESULTS
class was the commonly dominant prognostic factor in both initial and salvage GKS. 	 RPA
Recurrence is common for patients with metastatic brain tumors after initial radiosurgery. 	 CONCLUSION
Local control and survival time after salvage treatment are comparable with those after initial radiosurgery. 	 CONCLUSION
as a salvage treatment may provide additional survival benefit in selected patients. 	 GKS
To examine the symptoms of hypoglycemia in children with insulin-dependent diabetes, from the perspective both of the child and of the child's parents, and to compare the symptom reporting of the diabetic children with that of adult diabetic patients. 	 OBJECTIVE
Interviews were conducted with 100 parents and 43 of their children. 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
The frequency and intensity of symptoms of hypoglycemia were documented using a structured interview and classified into groups using Principal Components Analysis (PCA). 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
Diabetic children and their parents showed close agreement concerning the relative frequency and the intensity of symptoms reported. 	 RESULTS
of the symptom reports showed that diabetic children and their parents identified the same distinct subgroups of hypoglycemia-related symptoms: behavioral disturbance and autonomic-neuroglycopenic subgroups. 	 PCA
Hypoglycemic symptoms in children with diabetes clearly differ from those experienced by insulin-treated adults and, in particular, include behavioral changes as primary features of a low blood glucose. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These observations have important implications for parental education on hypoglycemia. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To examine the association between the use of right heart catheterization (RHC) during the first 24 hours of care in the intensive care unit (ICU) and subsequent survival, length of stay, intensity of care, and cost of care. 	 OBJECTIVE
Prospective cohort study. 	 DESIGN
Five US teaching hospitals between 1989 and 1994. 	 SETTING
A total of 5735 critically ill adult patients receiving care in an ICU for 1 of 9 prespecified disease categories. 	 SUBJECTS
Survival time, cost of care, intensity of care, and length of stay in the ICU and hospital, determined from the clinical record and from the National Death Index. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
A propensity score for RHC was constructed using multivariable logistic regression. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Case-matching and multivariable regression modeling techniques were used to estimate the association of RHC with specific outcomes after adjusting for treatment selection using the propensity score. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Sensitivity analysis was used to estimate the potential effect of an unidentified or missing covariate on the results. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
By case-matching analysis, patients with RHC had an increased 30-day mortality (odds ratio, 1.24; 95% confidence interval, 1.03-1.49). 	 RESULTS
The mean cost (25th, 50th, 75th percentiles) per hospital stay was $49 300 ($17 000, $30 500, $56 600) with RHC and $35 700 ($11 300, $20 600, $39 200) without RHC. 	 RESULTS
Mean length of stay in the ICU was 14.8 (5, 9, 17) days with RHC and 13.0 (4, 7, 14) days without RHC. 	 RESULTS
These findings were all confirmed by multivariable modeling techniques. 	 RESULTS
Subgroup analysis did not reveal any patient group or site for which RHC was associated with improved outcomes. 	 RESULTS
Patients with higher baseline probability of surviving 2 months had the highest relative risk of death following RHC. 	 RESULTS
Sensitivity analysis suggested that a missing covariate would have to increase the risk of death 6-fold and the risk of RHC 6-fold for a true beneficial effect of RHC to be misrepresented as harmful. 	 RESULTS
In this observational study of critically ill patients, after adjustment for treatment selection bias, RHC was associated with increased mortality and increased utilization of resources. 	 CONCLUSION
The cause of this apparent lack of benefit is unclear. 	 CONCLUSION
The results of this analysis should be confirmed in other observational studies. 	 CONCLUSION
These findings justify reconsideration of a randomized controlled trial of RHC and may guide patient selection for such a study. 	 CONCLUSION
C-reactive protein (CRP) is a known risk factor for cardiovascular events in the healthy population and in patients with coronary artery disease. 	 BACKGROUND
High CRP levels before cardiac surgery are associated with worse short-term outcome, but its role after discharge home remains unknown. 	 BACKGROUND
The study objective was to evaluate the effect of CRP on short-term and mid-term outcome after cardiac surgery. 	 BACKGROUND
From August 2000 to May 2004, values for preoperative CRP were available for 597 unselected patients undergoing cardiac operations. 	 METHODS
of 0.5 mg/dL or more. 	 CRP
Follow-up lasted a maximum of 3 years (median, 1.8 +/- 	 CRP
1.5 years) and was 92.6% complete. 	 CRP
In-hospital mortality was 8.2% in the HIS group and 3.4% in the LIS group (odds ratio [OR], 2.61; p = 0.02). 	 RESULTS
Incidence of postoperative infections was 16.5% in the HIS group and 5.1% in the LIS group (OR, 3.25; p = 0.0001). 	 RESULTS
Sternal wound infections were also more frequent in the HIS group (10.7% versus 2.8%; OR, 3.43; p = 0.002). 	 RESULTS
During follow-up, the HIS group had worse survival (88.5% +/- 	 RESULTS
2.9% versus 91.9% +/- 	 RESULTS
2.5%; OR, 1.93; p = 0.05) and a higher need of hospitalization for cardiac-related causes (73.6% +/- 	 RESULTS
6% versus 86.5% +/- 	 RESULTS
3.2%; OR, 1.82; p = 0.05). 	 RESULTS
Patients undergoing cardiac surgery with a CRP level of 0.5 mg/dL or more are exposed to a higher risk of in-hospital mortality and postoperative infections. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Despite surgical correction of cardiac disease, a high preoperative CRP value is an independent risk factor for mid-term survival and hospitalization for cardiac causes. 	 CONCLUSIONS
& AIMS GS-9620, an oral agonist of toll-like receptor 7 (TLR7), is in clinical development for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B (CHB). 	 BACKGROUND
GS-9620 was previously shown to induce prolonged suppression of serum viral DNA and antigens in the woodchuck and chimpanzee models of CHB. 	 BACKGROUND
Herein, we investigated the molecular mechanisms that contribute to the antiviral response to GS-9620 using in vitro models of hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection. 	 BACKGROUND
Cryopreserved primary human hepatocytes (PHH) and differentiated HepaRG (dHepaRG) cells were infected with HBV and treated with GS-9620, conditioned media from human peripheral blood mononuclear cells treated with GS-9620 (GS-9620 conditioned media [GS-9620-CM]), or other innate immune stimuli. 	 METHODS
The antiviral and transcriptional response to these agents was determined. 	 METHODS
GS-9620 had no antiviral activity in HBV-infected PHH, consistent with low level TLR7 mRNA expression in human hepatocytes. 	 RESULTS
In contrast, GS-9620-CM induced prolonged reduction of HBV DNA, RNA, and antigen levels in PHH and dHepaRG cells via a type I interferon (IFN)-dependent mechanism. 	 RESULTS
GS-9620-CM did not reduce covalently closed circular DNA (cccDNA) levels in either cell type. 	 RESULTS
Transcriptional profiling demonstrated that GS-9620-CM strongly induced various HBV restriction factors - although not APOBEC3A or the Smc5/6 complex - and indicated that established HBV infection does not modulate innate immune sensing or signaling in cryopreserved PHH. 	 RESULTS
GS-9620-CM also induced expression of immunoproteasome subunits and enhanced presentation of an immunodominant viral peptide in HBV-infected PHH. 	 RESULTS
Type I IFN induced by GS-9620 durably suppressed HBV in human hepatocytes without reducing cccDNA levels. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Moreover, HBV antigen presentation was enhanced, suggesting additional components of the TLR7-induced immune response played a role in the antiviral response to GS-9620 in animal models of CHB. 	 CONCLUSIONS
GS-9620 is a drug currently being tested in clinical trials for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection. 	 LAY SUMMARY
GS-9620 has previously been shown to suppress HBV in various animal models, but the underlying antiviral mechanisms were not completely understood. 	 LAY SUMMARY
In this study, we determined that GS-9620 does not directly activate antiviral pathways in human liver cells, but can induce prolonged suppression of HBV via induction of an antiviral cytokine called interferon. 	 LAY SUMMARY
However, interferon did not destroy the HBV genome, suggesting that other parts of the immune response (e.g. activation of immune cells that kill infected cells) also play an important role in the antiviral response to GS-9620. 	 LAY SUMMARY
Falciparum malaria or malaria tropica is one of the leading causes of childhood mortality worldwide. 	 BACKGROUND
Malaria-related deaths occur mainly in sub-Saharan Africa, where an estimated 365 million clinical cases of Plasmodium falciparum malaria occur each year. 	 BACKGROUND
In Europe, imported malaria cases occur due to returning travellers or immigration mostly from African countries. 	 BACKGROUND
Children are more at risk than adults. 	 BACKGROUND
The objective of this study was to identify high risk groups for imported childhood malaria in Europe in order to guide development of strategies for prevention, early recognition and management. 	 BACKGROUND
In the period May 2003-January 2005 we reviewed all cases of paediatric malaria in the Netherlands notified by the Dutch Paediatric Surveillance System (Nederland Signalerings Centrum Kindergeneeskunde, NSCK) and the literature on imported malaria in children in Europe published between 1996 and 2006. 	 METHODS
Malaria occurred mainly in children of long-term (n = 15, 47%) and new (n = 8, 25%) immigrants and was mostly acquired in sub-Saharan Africa. 	 RESULTS
The dominant species was P. falciparum. 	 RESULTS
Only one quarter of children had used adequate malaria chemoprophylaxis. 	 RESULTS
Complicated disease occurred in 10 (31%) of cases. 	 RESULTS
We also reviewed the literature and found 6082 reported cases of imported malaria among children in Europe; among these, four died and only one was reported to develop neurological sequelae. 	 RESULTS
Imported malaria in children remains an important problem and is unlikely to decrease unless the reasons for inadequate prophylaxis are addressed. 	 CONCLUSION
Long-term exposure to pollution can lead to an increase in the rate of decline of lung function, especially in older individuals and in those with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), whereas shorter-term exposure at higher pollution levels has been implicated in causing excess deaths from ischaemic heart disease and exacerbations of COPD. 	 BACKGROUND
We aimed to assess the effects on respiratory and cardiovascular responses of walking down a busy street with high levels of pollution compared with walking in a traffic-free area with lower pollution levels in older adults. 	 BACKGROUND
In this randomised, crossover study, we recruited men and women aged 60 years and older with angiographically proven stable ischaemic heart disease or stage 2 Global initiative for Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) COPD who had been clinically stable for 6 months, and age-matched healthy volunteers. 	 METHODS
Individuals with ischaemic heart disease or COPD were recruited from existing databases or outpatient respiratory and cardiology clinics at the Royal Brompton & Harefield NHS Foundation Trust and age-matched healthy volunteers using advertising and existing databases. 	 METHODS
All participants had abstained from smoking for at least 12 months and medications were taken as recommended by participants' doctors during the study. 	 METHODS
Participants were randomly assigned by drawing numbered disks at random from a bag to do a 2 h walk either along a commercial street in London (Oxford Street) or in an urban park (Hyde Park). 	 METHODS
Baseline measurements of participants were taken before the walk in the hospital laboratory. 	 METHODS
During each walk session, black carbon, particulate matter (PM) concentrations, ultrafine particles, and nitrogen dioxide (NO2) concentrations were measured. 	 METHODS
Between October, 2012, and June, 2014, we screened 135 participants, of whom 40 healthy volunteers, 40 individuals with COPD, and 39 with ischaemic heart disease were recruited. 	 FINDINGS
Concentrations of black carbon, NO2, PM10, PM2.5, and ultrafine particles were higher on Oxford Street than in Hyde Park. 	 FINDINGS
Participants with COPD reported more cough (odds ratio [OR] 1·95, 95% CI 0·96-3·95; p<0·1), sputum (3·15, 1·39-7·13; p<0·05), shortness of breath (1·86, 0·97-3·57; p<0·1), and wheeze (4·00, 1·52-10·50; p<0·05) after walking down Oxford Street compared with Hyde Park. 	 FINDINGS
In all participants, irrespective of their disease status, walking in Hyde Park led to an increase in lung function (forced expiratory volume in the first second [FEV1] and forced vital capacity [FVC]) and a decrease in pulse wave velocity (PWV) and augmentation index up to 26 h after the walk. 	 FINDINGS
By contrast, these beneficial responses were attenuated after walking on Oxford Street. 	 FINDINGS
In participants with COPD, a reduction in FEV1 and FVC, and an increase in R5-20 were associated with an increase in during-walk exposure to NO2, ultrafine particles and PM2.5, and an increase in PWV and augmentation index with NO2 and ultrafine particles. 	 FINDINGS
In healthy volunteers, PWV and augmentation index were associated both with black carbon and ultrafine particles. 	 FINDINGS
Short-term exposure to traffic pollution prevents the beneficial cardiopulmonary effects of walking in people with COPD, ischaemic heart disease, and those free from chronic cardiopulmonary diseases. 	 INTERPRETATION
Medication use might reduce the adverse effects of air pollution in individuals with ischaemic heart disease. 	 INTERPRETATION
Policies should aim to control ambient levels of air pollution along busy streets in view of these negative health effects. 	 INTERPRETATION
British Heart Foundation. 	 FUNDING
Whether immunosuppressive treatment adversely affects survival is unclear. 	 CONTEXT
To assess whether immunosuppressive drugs increase mortality. 	 OBJECTIVE
Retrospective cohort study evaluating overall and cancer mortality in relation to immunosuppressive drug exposure among patients with ocular inflammatory diseases. 	 DESIGN
Demographic, clinical, and treatment data derived from medical records, and mortality results from United States National Death Index linkage. 	 DESIGN
The cohort's mortality risk was compared with US vital statistics using standardised mortality ratios. 	 DESIGN
Overall and cancer mortality in relation to use or non-use of immunosuppressive drugs within the cohort was studied with survival analysis. 	 DESIGN
Five tertiary ocular inflammation clinics. 	 SETTING
Patients 7957 US residents with non-infectious ocular inflammation, 2340 of whom received immunosuppressive drugs during follow up. 	 SETTING
Exposures Use of antimetabolites, T cell inhibitors, alkylating agents, and tumour necrosis factor inhibitors. 	 SETTING
Overall mortality, cancer mortality. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Over 66 802 person years (17 316 after exposure to immunosuppressive drugs), 936 patients died (1.4/100 person years), 230 (24.6%) from cancer. 	 RESULTS
For patients unexposed to immunosuppressive treatment, risks of death overall (standardised mortality ratio 1.02, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.94 to 1.11) and from cancer (1.10, 0.93 to 1.29) were similar to those of the US population. 	 RESULTS
Patients who used azathioprine, methotrexate, mycophenolate mofetil, ciclosporin, systemic corticosteroids, or dapsone had overall and cancer mortality similar to that of patients who never took immunosuppressive drugs. 	 RESULTS
In patients who used cyclophosphamide, overall mortality was not increased and cancer mortality was non-significantly increased. 	 RESULTS
Tumour necrosis factor inhibitors were associated with increased overall (adjusted hazard ratio [HR] 1.99, 95% CI 1.00 to 3.98) and cancer mortality (adjusted HR 3.83, 1.13 to 13.01). 	 RESULTS
Most commonly used immunosuppressive drugs do not seem to increase overall or cancer mortality. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Our results suggesting that tumour necrosis factor inhibitors might increase mortality are less robust than the other findings; additional evidence is needed. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To evaluate the association between vascular inflammation as measured by subacute C-reactive protein (CRP; 1-10 mg/l) and all-cause mortality and the association between change in CRP status (normal <or=3 mg/l and elevated >3 mg/l) and all-cause mortality. 	 OBJECTIVE
Probabilistic record linkage was used to match hospital episode data, laboratory reports and mortality statistics in a large urban population. 	 METHODS
Survival was evaluated using Cox proportional hazards regression models. 	 METHODS
22 962 patients had their first CRP measurement in the subacute range (1-10 mg/l). 	 RESULTS
Analysis grouped by each additional unit increase in CRP across the subacute range was associated with a 7.3% (95% CI 5.4% to 9.2%) increase in the hazard ratio (HR) of death over 4 years, after controlling for confounding factors (p<0.001). 	 RESULTS
Repeated CRP observations around 1 year apart were recorded in 5811 subjects. 	 RESULTS
After controlling for confounding factors, in patients whose CRP changed from normal (<or=3 mg/l) to elevated (>3 mg/l), the HR increased 6.7-fold (p<0.001) relative to cases whose CRP remained normal. 	 RESULTS
By comparison, among those subjects whose CRP was reduced from elevated to normal, the hazard ratio halved to 3.5 (p = 0.018). 	 RESULTS
In an underpowered analysis of time to cardiovascular events, an identical pattern of risk emerged. 	 RESULTS
level predicted all-cause mortality, and additional inclusion of prior change in CRP level and current CRP level more so. 	 CONCLUSIONS CRP
Increasing vascular inflammation, as measured by CRP, increases the likelihood of death. 	 CONCLUSIONS CRP
To assay the efficiency for celiac disease (CD) screening of 2 immunochromatographic visual stick assays based on human recombinant tissue transglutaminase (tTG). 	 OBJECTIVE
One was the antitissue transglutaminase antibodies (AtTGA) stick for IgA/G antibodies to tTG detection, the other was the AtTGA/antigliadin antibodies (AGA) stick for IgA antibodies for tTG and/or gliadins. 	 OBJECTIVE
In a prospective multicenter study, 4 pediatric gastroenterology units from Spain and 2 from Latin America enrolled 72 control children with a normal small bowel mucosa and 113 untreated patients with CD with Marsh type 3 lesions. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Evaluation of results by the gastroenterologists and by 2 independent observers at the coordination center showed a remarkably low interobserver variability. 	 RESULTS
For the AtTGA stick, sensitivity was 96.5% and specificity was 98.6%. 	 RESULTS
The AtTGA/AGA stick displayed a sensitivity of 94.5% and a specificity of 98.6% for AtTGA and a sensitivity of 63.1% and a specificity of 95.2% for AGA. 	 RESULTS
The highest efficiency and positive likelihood ratio was obtained for the AtTGA stick, higher than for IgA AtTGA by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. 	 RESULTS
One additional advantage was that previous investigation of total serum IgA levels could be eluded. 	 RESULTS
The IgA AtTGA/AGA stick, with an efficiency of 95.1%, compared with 89.2% when the combined results of the 2 enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays were considered, turned out to be an excellent diagnostic tool for infants with no IgA deficiency. 	 RESULTS
These 2 assays are extremely efficient for CD screening, by combining a high diagnostic accuracy with the simplicity and rapidity of visual methods. 	 CONCLUSION
This study aimed to identify relevant keratin subtypes that may associate with the pathogenesis of oral epithelial neoplasms. 	 AIMS
Expression of all the keratin subtypes was examined by cDNA microarray analysis of 43 oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) cases. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Immunohistochemical expression of the major keratins was examined in 100 OSCC and oral epithelial dysplasia (OED) cases. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Many changes in keratin expression were observed and, significantly, consistent down-regulation of keratin 4 (K4) and K13 expression was observed. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Aberrant expression of K4 and K13 was associated with morphological changes in the affected oral epithelium. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Experiments with cell cultures transfected with various keratin subtypes suggested that alterations in keratin subtype expression can cause changes in cell shape and movement. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Aberrant expression of K4 and K13, which are the dominant pair of differentiation-related keratins in oral keratinocytes, indicates dysregulation of epithelial differentiation in OSCC and OED. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These keratins, especially K4, may be useful for pathological diagnosis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
We propose that the aberrant expression of K4 and K13 and concomitant up-regulation of the other keratins may be one of the causative factors for morphological alterations in the affected epithelium. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To assess the association between use of macrolide antibiotics in mothers and infants from pregnancy onset until 120 days after birth and infantile hypertrophic pyloric stenosis (IHPS). 	 OBJECTIVE
Nationwide register based cohort study. 	 DESIGN
Denmark, 1996-2011. 	 SETTING
999,378 liveborn singletons and linked individual level information on macrolide prescriptions (maternal use during pregnancy, n=30,091; maternal use after birth, n=21,557; use in infants, n=6591), surgery for IHPS, and potential confounders. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Surgery for IHPS by three categories of macrolide use: in mothers during pregnancy, in mothers after birth, and in infants after birth. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
880 infants developed IHPS (0.9 cases per 1000 births). 	 RESULTS
Compared with infants with no use of macrolides, the adjusted rate ratio for IHPS in infants with use of macrolides during days 0 to 13 after birth was 29.8 (95% confidence interval 16.4 to 54.1) and during days 14 to 120 was 3.24 (1.20 to 8.74); the corresponding absolute risk differences were 24.4 (95% confidence interval 13.0 to 44.1) and 0.65 (0.06 to 2.21) cases per 1000 infants exposed to macrolides, respectively. 	 RESULTS
The rate ratio for maternal use of macrolides for days 0 to 13 after birth was 3.49 (1.92 to 6.34) and for days 14 to 120 was 0.70 (0.26 to 1.90); the corresponding absolute risk differences were 2.15 (0.82 to 4.64) and -0.11 (-0.26 to 0.31). 	 RESULTS
The rate ratios for maternal use of macrolides during pregnancy were 1.02 (0.65 to 1.59) for weeks 0 to 27 and 1.77 (0.95 to 3.31) for weeks 28 to birth; the corresponding absolute risk differences were 0.01 (-0.31 to 0.50) and 0.67 (-0.06 to 2.02). 	 RESULTS
Treatment of young infants with macrolide antibiotics was strongly associated with IHPS and should therefore only be administered if potential treatment benefits outweigh the risk. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Maternal use of macrolides during the first two weeks after birth was also associated with an increased risk of IHPS. 	 CONCLUSIONS
A possible association was also found with use during late pregnancy. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Mitochondrial disorders are caused by gene mutations in mitochondrial or nuclear DNA and affect energy-dependent organs such as the brain. 	 OBJECTIVE
Patients with psychiatric illness, particularly those with medical comorbidities, may have primary mitochondrial disorders. 	 OBJECTIVE
To date, this issue has received little attention in the literature, and mitochondrial disorders are likely underdiagnosed in psychiatric patients. 	 OBJECTIVE
This article describes a patient who presented with borderline personality disorder and treatment-resistant depression and was ultimately diagnosed with mitochondrial encephalomyopathy with lactic acidosis and stroke-like episodes (MELAS) 3271. 	 DATA SOURCES
We also searched the literature for all case reports of patients with mitochondrial disorders who initially present with prominent psychiatric symptoms by using MEDLINE (from 1948-February 2011), Embase (from 1980-February 2011), PsycINFO (from 1806-February 2011), and the search terms mitochondrial disorder, mitochondria, psychiatry, mental disorders, major depression, anxiety, schizophrenia, and psychosis. 	 DATA SOURCES
Fifty cases of mitochondrial disorders with prominent psychiatric symptomatology were identified. 	 STUDY SELECTION
Information about the psychiatric presentation of the cases was extracted. 	 DATA EXTRACTION
This information was combined with our case, the most common psychiatric manifestations of mitochondrial disorders were identified, and the important diagnostic and treatment implications for patients with psychiatric illness were reviewed. 	 DATA EXTRACTION
The most common psychiatric presentations in the cases of mitochondrial disorders included mood disorder, cognitive deterioration, psychosis, and anxiety. 	 RESULTS
The most common diagnosis (52% of cases) was a MELAS mutation. 	 RESULTS
Other genetic mitochondrial diagnoses included polymerase gamma mutations, Kearns-Sayre syndrome, mitochondrial DNA deletions, point mutations, twinkle mutations, and novel mutations. 	 RESULTS
Patients with mitochondrial disorders can present with primary psychiatric symptomatology, including mood disorder, cognitive impairment, psychosis, and anxiety. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Psychiatrists need to be aware of the clinical features that are indicative of a mitochondrial disorder, investigate patients with suggestive presentations, and be knowledgeable about the treatment implications of the diagnosis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Chronic physical comorbidity is common in dementia. 	 OBJECTIVE
However, there is an absence of evidence to support good practice guidelines for attention to these problems. 	 OBJECTIVE
We aimed to study the extent of this comorbidity and its impact on cognitive function and disability in population-based studies in low and middle income countries, where chronic diseases and impairments are likely to be both common and undertreated. 	 OBJECTIVE
A multicentre cross-sectional survey of all over 65 year old residents (n = 15 022) in 11 catchment areas in China, India, Cuba, Dominican Republic, Venezuela, Mexico and Peru. 	 METHODS
We estimated the prevalence of pain, incontinence, hearing and visual impairments, mobility impairment and undernutrition according to the presence of dementia and its severity, and, among those with dementia, the independent contribution of these impairments to cognitive function and disability, adjusting for age, gender, education and dementia severity. 	 METHODS
Incontinence, hearing impairment, mobility impairment and undernutrition were consistently linearly associated with the presence of dementia and its severity across regions. 	 RESULTS
Among people with dementia, incontinence, hearing impairment and mobility impairment were independently associated with disability in all regions while the contributions of pain, visual impairment and undernutrition were inconsistent. 	 RESULTS
Only hearing impairment made a notable independent contribution to cognitive impairment. 	 RESULTS
There is an urgent need for clinical trials of the feasibility, efficacy and cost-effectiveness of regular physical health checks and remediation of identified pathologies, given the considerable comorbidity identified in our population based studies, and the strong evidence for independent impact upon functioning. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Recent studies show that COPD patients exhibit low-grade systemic inflammation, and that plasma fibrinogen and high neutrophil counts are related to faster declines in lung function. 	 BACKGROUND
We examined correlations between serum biomarkers and the decline of lung function in COPD patients. 	 BACKGROUND
Baseline levels of 9 serum biomarkers (TIMP-1, alpha1-antitrypsin, MMP-9, TNF-alpha, TGF-beta, IL-6, IL-8, neutrophil elastase and CRP), fibrinogen and white blood cell counts (WCC) were measured in 96 COPD patients. 	 METHOD
Lung function was measured at the time of blood sampling and every 3-6 months during the observation period (median 25.0 months). 	 METHOD
Twenty patients were rapid decliners of lung function and 53 patients were non-decliners. 	 RESULTS
Neutrophil counts, serum CRP and MMP-9 were significantly higher in the rapid decliners (p<0.05). 	 RESULTS
The annual change of % predicted FEV(1) was inversely correlated with MMP-9 (r=-0.288; p<0.01) and CRP (r=-0.354; p<0.005) (partial correlation coefficients adjusted for age, sex, cardiovascular disease, smoking history, and baseline % predicted FEV(1)). 	 RESULTS
The remaining biomarkers were not correlated with the annual change of % predicted FEV(1). 	 RESULTS
Serum CRP and MMP-9 levels were related to FEV(1) decline. 	 CONCLUSION
These markers are good candidates as predictors for rapid decline of FEV(1) in COPD patients. 	 CONCLUSION
Additional long-term and larger size studies of COPD patients could help determine the exact roles for these biomarkers. 	 CONCLUSION
Patients considered for arterial surgery, have been shown to have a high incidence of coexistent cardiac, vascular and other diseases, affecting operative risk and survival. 	 BACKGROUND
We developed a systematic workup strategy for detecting these coexistent diseases in our vascular surgical patients, mainly based on non-invasive diagnostic techniques. 	 BACKGROUND
We evaluated 200 consecutive patients, admitted to the department of vascular surgery in an academic teaching hospital, in order to establish the total incidence of relevant concomitant disorders, the extent to which this screening yielded previously unknown diagnostic information, and the impact on short-term (one year) survival. 	 METHODS
Coronary artery disease was present in 46% of the patients; 22% had active ischaemia, newly diagnosed in 5.5%. 	 RESULTS
Impaired cardiac function was found in 37%: severely impaired in 12%, newly diagnosed in 27%. 	 RESULTS
Carotid artery disease was present in 32%: critical stenoses were found in 9%; new diagnoses in 29.9%. 	 RESULTS
Aortic aneurysms were present in 7%, newly diagnosed in 5%. 	 RESULTS
Severe renal artery stenosis was present in 5%, newly diagnosed in 3.5%. 	 RESULTS
Sixteen % of the patients had chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, newly diagnosed in 3.5%, and 4.5% had unexpected disorders, which were all new diagnoses. 	 RESULTS
Overall, new diagnoses were reached in 64.5% of the population, affecting therapeutic strategy immediately in 21% of the patients. 	 RESULTS
The presence of coronary artery disease and of cardiac failure were clearly related to one year survival. 	 RESULTS
We conclude that a systematic screening strategy, mainly based on noninvasive techniques, can detect the presence of concomitant diseases in the vascular surgical patient. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Most important seem the newly diagnosed diseases altering surgical management in one out of every five patients; they also have important implications for patient prognosis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To assess if family care givers of patients with lung cancer experience the patterns of social, psychological, and spiritual wellbeing and distress typical of the patient, from diagnosis to death. 	 OBJECTIVE
Secondary analysis of serial qualitative interviews carried out every three months for up to a year or to bereavement. 	 DESIGN
South east Scotland. 	 SETTING
19 patients with lung cancer and their 19 family carers, totalling 88 interviews (42 with patients and 46 with carers). 	 PARTICIPANTS
Carers followed clear patterns of social, psychological, and spiritual wellbeing and distress that mirrored the experiences of those for whom they were caring, with some carers also experiencing deterioration in physical health that impacted on their ability to care. 	 RESULTS
Psychological and spiritual distress were particularly dynamic and commonly experienced. 	 RESULTS
In addition to the "Why us?" response, witnessing suffering triggered personal reflections in carers on the meaning and purpose of life. 	 RESULTS
Certain key time points in the illness tended to be particularly problematic for both carers and patients: at diagnosis, at home after initial treatment, at recurrence, and during the terminal stage. 	 RESULTS
Family carers witness and share much of the illness experience of the dying patient. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The multidimensional experience of distress suffered by patients with lung cancer was reflected in the suffering of their carers in the social, psychological, and spiritual domains, with psychological and spiritual distress being most pronounced. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Carers may need to be supported throughout the period of illness not just in the terminal phase and during bereavement, as currently tends to be the case. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Patient experience is increasingly used to assess organizational performance, for example in public reporting or pay-for-performance schemes. 	 BACKGROUND
Conventional approaches using 95% confidence intervals are commonly used to determine required survey samples or to report performance but these may result in unreliable organizational comparisons. 	 BACKGROUND
We analyzed data from 2.2 million patients who responded to the English 2009 General Practice Patient Survey, which included 45 patient experience questions nested within 6 different care domains (access, continuity of care, communication, anticipatory care planning, out-of-hours care, and overall care satisfaction). 	 METHODS
For each question, unadjusted and case-mix adjusted (for age, sex, and ethnicity) organization-level reliability, and intraclass correlation coefficients were calculated. 	 METHODS
Mean responses per organization ranged from 23 to 256 for questions evaluating primary care practices, and from 1454 to 2758 for questions evaluating out-of-hours care organizations. 	 RESULTS
Adjusted and unadjusted reliability values were similar. 	 RESULTS
Twenty-six questions had excellent reliability (≥0.90). 	 RESULTS
Seven nurse communication questions had very good reliability (≥0.85), but 3 anticipatory care planning questions had lower reliability (<0.70). 	 RESULTS
Reliability was typically <0.70 for questions with <100 mean responses per practice, usually indicating questions which only a subset of patients were eligible to answer. 	 RESULTS
Nine questions had both excellent reliability and high intraclass correlation coefficients (≥0.10) indicating both reliable measurement and substantial performance variability. 	 RESULTS
High reliability is a necessary property of indicators used to compare health care organizations. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Using the English General Practice Patient Survey as a case study, we show how reliability and intraclass correlation coefficients can be used to select measures to support robust organizational comparisons, and to design surveys that will both provide high-quality measurement and optimize survey costs. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To determine the frequency of moderate and severe hypoglycemia and to identify clinical predictors associated with its occurrence in a large population-based sample of children and adolescents with IDDM. 	 OBJECTIVE
A total of 657 patients (age: 12.1 +/- 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
4.4 years, mean +/- 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
SD) were included in the study, yielding 1,449 patient-years of data. 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
A prospective assessment of severe hypoglycemia (an event resulting in a seizure or coma) and moderate hypoglycemia (an event requiring assistance of another, excluding severe episodes) was made over a 3-year period. 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
Patients and caregivers detailed episodes of significant hypoglycemia (moderate and severe events) and these were recorded at each 3-month clinic visit along with HbA1c. 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
Data were analyzed using generalized estimating equation models fitted with the exchange correlation structure. 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
The overall incidence of severe events was 4.8/100 patient-years and of moderate events was 13.1/100 patient-years. 	 RESULTS
Over 3 years, severe events occurred in 8.5% of children and moderate events occurred in 26.9%. 	 RESULTS
Significant hypoglycemia was rare in the first 12 months after diagnosis. 	 RESULTS
Rates of hypoglycemia were increased in children < 6 years of age versus > 6 years of age (40.9 vs. 16.6/100 patient-years, age < or = 6 years vs. age > 6 years, P < 0.001). 	 RESULTS
Rates of hypoglycemia doubled when HbA1c fell below 8%, and children with HbA1c < 7% had a threefold increase in both moderate and severe hypoglycemia (e.g., severe episodes 14.9 vs. 4.1/100 patient-years, HbA1c < or = 7% vs. HbA1c > 7%, P < 0.001). 	 RESULTS
Most severe events were seizures, and 75% of them occurred at night. 	 RESULTS
The majority of events were related to missed meals or increased activity. 	 RESULTS
However, in 38% no predisposing factor was evident. 	 RESULTS
Newly diagnosed children appear to be protected from severe hypoglycemia. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Rates increase with lower glycated hemoglobin, especially when mean HbA1c is < 8.0%. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Younger children, who may be more susceptible to the adverse effects of neuroglycopenia, are at a particular risk of significant hypoglycemia. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The outcome of fully intermittent thrice-weekly antituberculosis treatment of various durations in HIV-associated tuberculosis is unclear. 	 RATIONALE
To compare the efficacy of an intermittent 6-month regimen (Reg6M: 2EHRZ(3)/4HR(3) [ethambutol, 1,200 mg; isoniazid, 600 mg; rifampicin, 450 or 600 mg depending on body weight <60 or > or =60 kg; and pyrazinamide, 1,500 mg for 2 mo; followed by 4 mo of isoniazid and rifampicin at the same doses]) versus a 9-month regimen (Reg9M: 2EHRZ(3)/7HR(3)) in HIV/tuberculosis (TB). 	 OBJECTIVES
HIV-infected patients with newly diagnosed pulmonary or extrapulmonary TB were randomly assigned to Reg6M (n = 167) or Reg9M (n = 160) and monitored by determination of clinical, immunological, and bacteriological parameters for 36 months. 	 METHODS
Primary outcomes included favorable responses at the end of treatment and recurrences during follow-up, whereas the secondary outcome was death. 	 METHODS
Intent-to-treat and on-treatment analyses were performed. 	 METHODS
All patients were antiretroviral treatment-naive during treatment. 	 METHODS
Of the patients, 70% had culture-positive pulmonary TB; the median viral load was 155,000 copies/ml and the CD4(+) cell count was 160 cells/mm(3). 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
Favorable response to antituberculosis treatment was similar by intent to treat (Reg6M, 83% and Reg9M, 76%; P = not significant). 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
Bacteriological recurrences occurred significantly more often in Reg6M than in Reg9M (15 vs. 7%; P < 0.05) although overall recurrences were not significantly different (Reg6M, 19% vs. Reg9M, 13%). 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
By 36 months, 36% of patients undergoing Reg6M and 35% undergoing Reg9M had died, with no significant difference between regimens. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
All 19 patients who failed treatment developed acquired rifamycin resistance (ARR), the main risk factor being baseline isoniazid resistance. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
Among antiretroviral treatment-naive HIV-infected patients with TB, a 9-month regimen resulted in a similar outcome at the end of treatment but a significantly lower bacteriological recurrence rate compared with a 6-month thrice-weekly regimen. 	 CONCLUSIONS
was altered by lengthening TB treatment. 	 ARR
Clinical Trials Registry Information: ID# NCT00376012 registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov. 	 ARR
The association between the deficiency in mismatch repair (MMR) genes and prognosis in women with endometrial cancer is unclear. 	 BACKGROUND
Here we report a systematic review and meta-analysis exploring this association. 	 BACKGROUND
We searched literature databases (MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Cochrane) from 1980 until December 2011 to identify studies evaluating the association between MMR status and clinical outcome in endometrial cancer. 	 METHODS
The main outcome measures were overall survival (OS) and disease-free survival (DFS). 	 METHODS
Twenty-three studies met the inclusion criteria. 	 RESULTS
The median sample size of studies was 112, 74% were retrospective case-series and 70% performed microsatellite instability (MSI) analysis to evaluate the status of MMR. 	 RESULTS
Only 22% of studies used the panel of five microsatellite markers recommended by the National Cancer Institute. 	 RESULTS
Seven studies used immunohistochemistry to define MMR deficiency, but only two of them determined the expression of all four MMR proteins. 	 RESULTS
Overall, significant associations between MMR and outcome were observed in 32% of studies. 	 RESULTS
There was marked inter-study heterogeneity for estimates of OS and DFS. 	 RESULTS
Pooled analysis did not show any significant association between deficiency in MMR and worse OS (6 studies, hazard ratio [HR] 2.0, p=0.11) or DFS (4 studies, HR ratio 1.31, p=0.66). 	 RESULTS
There is no definitive evidence of a significant association between MMR status and detrimental survival in endometrial cancer. 	 CONCLUSION
To investigate the overall occurrence and relationship of genetic alterations in the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K)/Akt pathway in thyroid tumors and explore the scope of this pathway as a therapeutic target for thyroid cancer. 	 PURPOSE
We examined collectively the major genetic alterations and their relationship in this pathway, including PIK3CA copy number gain and mutation, Ras mutation, and PTEN mutation, in a large series of primary thyroid tumors. 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Occurrence of any of these genetic alterations was found in 25 of 81 (31%) benign thyroid adenoma (BTA), 47 of 86 (55%) follicular thyroid cancer (FTC), 21 of 86 (24%) papillary thyroid cancer (PTC), and 29 of 50 (58%) anaplastic thyroid cancer (ATC), with FTC and ATC most frequently harboring these genetic alterations. 	 RESULTS
PIK3CA copy gain was associated with increased PIK3CA protein expression. 	 RESULTS
A mutual exclusivity among these genetic alterations was seen in BTA, FTC, and PTC, suggesting an independent role of each of them through the PI3K/Akt pathway in the tumorigenesis of the differentiated thyroid tumors. 	 RESULTS
However, coexistence of these genetic alterations was increasingly seen with progression from differentiated tumor to undifferentiated ATC. 	 RESULTS
Their coexistence with BRAF mutation was also frequent in PTC and ATC. 	 RESULTS
The data provide strong genetic implication that aberrant activation of PI3K/Akt pathway plays an extensive role in thyroid tumorigenesis, particularly in FTC and ATC, and promotes progression of BTA to FTC and to ATC as the genetic alterations of this pathway accumulate. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Progression of PTC to ATC may be facilitated by coexistence of PI3K/Akt pathway-related genetic alterations and BRAF mutation. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The PI3K/Akt pathway may thus be a major therapeutic target in thyroid cancers. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Circulating concentration of lipoprotein(a) (Lp[a]), a large glycoprotein attached to a low-density lipoprotein-like particle, may be associated with risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) and stroke. 	 CONTEXT
To assess the relationship of Lp(a) concentration with risk of major vascular and nonvascular outcomes. 	 OBJECTIVE
Long-term prospective studies that recorded Lp(a) concentration and subsequent major vascular morbidity and/or cause-specific mortality published between January 1970 and March 2009 were identified through electronic searches of MEDLINE and other databases, manual searches of reference lists, and discussion with collaborators. 	 STUDY SELECTION
Individual records were provided for each of 126,634 participants in 36 prospective studies. 	 DATA EXTRACTION
During 1.3 million person-years of follow-up, 22,076 first-ever fatal or nonfatal vascular disease outcomes or nonvascular deaths were recorded, including 9336 CHD outcomes, 1903 ischemic strokes, 338 hemorrhagic strokes, 751 unclassified strokes, 1091 other vascular deaths, 8114 nonvascular deaths, and 242 deaths of unknown cause. 	 DATA EXTRACTION
Within-study regression analyses were adjusted for within-person variation and combined using meta-analysis. 	 DATA EXTRACTION
Analyses excluded participants with known preexisting CHD or stroke at baseline. 	 DATA EXTRACTION
Lipoprotein(a) concentration was weakly correlated with several conventional vascular risk factors and it was highly consistent within individuals over several years. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
Associations of Lp(a) with CHD risk were broadly continuous in shape. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
In the 24 cohort studies, the rates of CHD in the top and bottom thirds of baseline Lp(a) distributions, respectively, were 5.6 (95% confidence interval [CI], 5.4-5.9) per 1000 person-years and 4.4 (95% CI, 4.2-4.6) per 1000 person-years. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
The risk ratio for CHD, adjusted for age and sex only, was 1.16 (95% CI, 1.11-1.22) per 3.5-fold higher usual Lp(a) concentration (ie, per 1 SD), and it was 1.13 (95% CI, 1.09-1.18) following further adjustment for lipids and other conventional risk factors. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
The corresponding adjusted risk ratios were 1.10 (95% CI, 1.02-1.18) for ischemic stroke, 1.01 (95% CI, 0.98-1.05) for the aggregate of nonvascular mortality, 1.00 (95% CI, 0.97-1.04) for cancer deaths, and 1.00 (95% CI, 0.95-1.06) for nonvascular deaths other than cancer. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
Under a wide range of circumstances, there are continuous, independent, and modest associations of Lp(a) concentration with risk of CHD and stroke that appear exclusive to vascular outcomes. 	 CONCLUSION
Control of blood pressure (BP) following renal transplantation may improve allograft and patient survival. 	 BACKGROUND
Our aims were (i) to describe the distribution of BP and the prevalence of systolic and/or diastolic hypertension in children over the first 5 years following renal transplantation and (ii) to evaluate clinical risk factors and centre-specific factors associated with hypertension in this population. 	 BACKGROUND
We conducted a retrospective case note review of all current paediatric kidney transplant patients in the UK, with data collected at 6 months, 1, 2 and 5 years following transplantation in subjects with hypertension (systolic and/or diastolic BP > 95th > ) and non-hypertensive subjects BP ≤ 95th > . 	 METHODS
In total, 27.3% (117/428), 27.6% (118/428), 26.0% (95/365) and 25.6% (50/195) of the patients were hypertensive (systolic and/or diastolic BP > 95th > ) at 6 months, 1, 2 and 5 years following transplantation, respectively. 	 RESULTS
A total of 58.4% of the patients at 6 months, 52.8% at 1 year, 48.2% at 2 years and 48.2% at 5 years were receiving anti-hypertensive therapy, of whom 31.6-36.6% remained hypertensive. 	 RESULTS
When subjects were identified as being hypertensive, on anti-hypertensive medication or had untreated hypertension (systolic and/or diastolic BP > 95th > ), 66.4, 61.0, 56.4 and 55.9% of patients were hypertensive at 6 months, 1, 2 and 5 years, respectively. 	 RESULTS
In a multivariate model, odds ratios for systolic hypertension were 4.16 (deceased versus living donor), 2.65 (lowest versus highest quartile of height z-score) and 2.07 (if on anti-hypertensive; 	 RESULTS
yes versus no). 	 RESULTS
There was significant variation in prevalent rates of hypertension between centres (P < 0.0001) that remained significant (P = 0.003) after adjustment for all the factors in the multivariate model. 	 RESULTS
Control of BP after kidney transplantation remains sub-optimal in paediatric centres in the UK. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Just over 25% of patients remain hypertensive 5 years following transplantation. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Significant differences between centres remain unexplained and may reflect differences in assessment and management of hypertension. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Increased plasma homocysteine is associated with coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease and venous thrombosis. 	 BACKGROUND
Folic acid is the most effective therapy for reducing homocysteine levels. 	 BACKGROUND
The lowest effective supplement of folic acid is not known, particularly for the elderly who have the highest prevalence of these conditions. 	 BACKGROUND
To explore the effects of daily supplements of 0, 50, 100, 200, 400 and 600 microg folic acid on plasma homocysteine in an elderly population. 	 AIM
Randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial. 	 DESIGN
Participants (n=368) aged 65-75 years were randomly allocated to receive one of the treatments for 6 weeks. 	 METHODS
Plasma homocysteine was recorded after 3 weeks and 6 weeks of supplementation. 	 METHODS
Only the 400 microg and 600 microg groups had significantly lower homocysteine levels compared to placebo (p=0.038 and p<0.001, respectively). 	 RESULTS
Using multiple linear regression and each individual's total folic acid intake (diet plus supplement), a total daily folic acid intake of 926 microg per day would be required to ensure that 95% of the elderly population would be without cardiovascular risk from folate deficiency. 	 RESULTS
A daily folic acid intake of 926 microg is unlikely to be achieved by diet alone. 	 DISCUSSION
Individual supplementation or fortification of food with folic acid will be required to reach this target. 	 DISCUSSION
To explore the utility of self-report measures of inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) adherence, degree of rhinitis and smoking status and their association with asthma control. 	 AIMS
Patients prescribed ICS for asthma at 85 UK practices were sent validated questionnaire measures of control (Asthma Control Questionnaire; ACQ) and adherence (Medication Adherence Report Scale), a two-item measure of smoking status, and a single-item measure of rhinitis. 	 METHODS
Complete anonymised questionnaires were available for 3916 participants. 	 RESULTS
Poor asthma control (ACQ >1.5) was associated with reported rhinitis (OR = 4.62; 95% CI: 3.71-5.77), smoking (OR = 4.33; 95% CI: 3.58-5.23) and low adherence to ICS (OR = 1.35; 95% CI: 1.18-1.55). 	 RESULTS
The degree of rhinitis was important, with those reporting severe rhinitis exhibiting the worst asthma control, followed by those reporting mild rhinitis and then those reporting no rhinitis symptoms (F(2, 3913)=128.7, p<.001). 	 RESULTS
There was a relationship between the number of cigarettes smoked each day and asthma control (F(5,655)=6.08, p<.001). 	 RESULTS
Poor asthma control is associated with self-reported rhinitis, smoking and low medication adherence. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These potentially modifiable predictors of poor asthma control can be identified through a brief self-report questionnaire, used routinely as part of an asthma review. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To assess the knowledge of interns on standard precautions and post-exposure prophylaxis for HIV, and identify the gap between knowledge and practice relating to standard precautions, as well as determining the perceived barriers against adherence to standard precautions. 	 OBJECTIVES
The study was conducted on 130 interns of 2010-11 batch from a government-run medical college in Kolkata, India. 	 METHODS
All participants completed a self-administered questionnaire with items relating to basic components of standard precautions and post-exposure prophylaxis for HIV. 	 METHODS
The questionnaire also included open ended questions relating to reasons for non-adherence to the practice of standard precautions along with additional space for specific comments, if any. 	 METHODS
Poor adherence in the use of personal protective equipment, hand washing, safe handling and disposal of needles and sharp objects were found to be among the practices for which the interns expressed correct knowledge. 	 RESULTS
While the main reasons for non-adherence were found to be clumsiness in handling needles, wearing gloves, feeling uncomfortable when wearing aprons, impracticality of regular hand-washing and non-availability of equipment. 	 RESULTS
Although the majority of the respondents (84.6%) expressed awareness of washing sites of injured with soap and water, approximately 32.3% did not know that antiseptics could cause more damage. 	 RESULTS
Also, only 63.8% expressed awareness of reporting any incidence of occupational exposure, while knowledge on post-exposure prophylaxis regimens was generally found to be poor. 	 RESULTS
The considerable gap between knowledge and practice of standard precautions and inadequate knowledge of post-exposure prophylaxis emphasizes the need for continuous onsite training of interns with supportive supervision and monitoring of their activities. 	 CONCLUSION
Glaucoma is the World's leading cause of irreversible blindness, and poses serious public health and economic concerns. 	 BACKGROUND
Review. 	 DESIGN
Published randomized trials and population-based studies since 1985. 	 SAMPLES
We report the economic impact of primary open-angle glaucoma and model the effect of changes in detection rates and management strategies. 	 METHODS
The cost-effectiveness of different interventions to prevent vision loss from primary open-angle glaucoma was measured in terms of financial cost (Australian dollars) and disability-adjusted life years. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
The prevalence of glaucoma in Australia is expected to increase from 208 000 in 2005 to 379 000 in 2025 because of the aging population. 	 RESULTS
Health system costs over the same time period are estimated to increase from $AU355 million to $AU784 million. 	 RESULTS
Total costs (health system costs, indirect costs and costs of loss of well-being) will increase from $AU1.9 billion to $AU4.3 billion in Australia. 	 RESULTS
Primary open-angle glaucoma poses a significant economic burden, which will increase substantially by 2025. 	 CONCLUSION
This dynamic model provides a valuable tool for ongoing policy formulation and determining the economic impact of interventions to better prevent visual impairment and blindness from glaucoma. 	 CONCLUSION
Prebiotics are short-chain carbohydrates that alter the composition, or metabolism, of the gut microbiota in a beneficial manner. 	 BACKGROUND
It is therefore expected that prebiotics will improve health in a way similar to probiotics, whilst at the same time being cheaper, and carrying less risk and being easier to incorporate into the diet than probiotics. 	 BACKGROUND
To review published evidence for prebiotic effects on gut function and human health. 	 AIM
We searched the Science Citation Index with the terms prebiotic, microbiota, gut bacteria, large intestine, mucosa, bowel habit, constipation, diarrhoea, inflammatory bowel disease, Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis, pouchitis, calcium and cancer, focussing principally on studies in humans and reports in the English language. 	 METHODS
Search of the Cochrane Library did not identify any clinical study or meta-analysis on this topic. 	 METHODS
Three prebiotics, oligofructose, galacto-oligosaccharides and lactulose, clearly alter the balance of the large bowel microbiota by increasing bifidobacteria and Lactobacillus numbers. 	 RESULTS
These carbohydrates are fermented and give rise to short-chain fatty acid and intestinal gas; however, effects on bowel habit are relatively small. 	 RESULTS
Randomized-controlled trials of their effect in a clinical context are few, although animal studies show anti-inflammatory effects in inflammatory bowel disease, while calcium absorption is increased. 	 RESULTS
CONCLUSIONS 	 RESULTS
It is still early days for prebiotics, but they offer the potential to modify the gut microbial balance in such a way as to bring direct health benefits cheaply and safely. 	 RESULTS
To compare the relative risks of serious gastrointestinal complications reported with individual non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. 	 OBJECTIVE
Systematic review of controlled epidemiological studies that found a relation between use of the drugs and admission to hospital for haemorrhage or perforation. 	 DESIGN
Hospital and community based case-control and cohort studies. 	 SETTING
(a) Estimated relative risks of gastrointestinal complications with use of individual drugs, exposure to ibuprofen being used as reference; (b) a ranking that best summarised the sequence of relative risks observed in the studies. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
12 studies met the inclusion criteria. 	 RESULTS
11 provided comparative data on ibuprofen and other drugs. 	 RESULTS
Ibuprofen ranked lowest or equal lowest for risk in 10 of the 11 studies. 	 RESULTS
Pooled relative risks calculated with exposure to ibuprofen used as reference were all significantly greater than 1.0 (interval of point estimates 1.6 to 9.2). 	 RESULTS
Overall, ibuprofen was associated with the lowest relative risk, followed by diclofenac. 	 RESULTS
Azapropazone, tolmetin, ketoprofen, and piroxicam ranked highest for risk and indomethacin, naproxen, sulindac, and aspirin occupied intermediate positions. 	 RESULTS
Higher doses of ibuprofen were associated with relative risks similar to those with naproxen and indomethacin. 	 RESULTS
The low risk of serious gastrointestinal complications with ibuprofen seems to be attributable mainly to the low doses of the drug used in clinical practice. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In higher doses ibuprofen is associated with a similar risk to other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Use of low risk drugs in low dosage as first line treatment would substantially reduce the morbidity and mortality due to serious gastrointestinal toxicity from these drugs. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To provide an independent evaluation of seven day weighed dietary records, which are currently accepted as the most accurate technique for assessing habitual dietary intake in studies investigating the links between diet and health. 	 OBJECTIVE
Subjects who had previously participated in the Northern Ireland diet and health study were reselected by stratified random sampling to represent the range of energy intakes in the study as assessed by the seven day weighed dietary record. 	 DESIGN
Northern Ireland. 	 SETTING
31 Free living adults (16 men and 15 women). 	 SUBJECTS
Energy intake as measured by the seven day weighed dietary record and total energy expenditure estimated concurrently by the doubly labelled water technique. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Average recorded energy intakes were significantly lower than measured expenditure in the group overall (9.66 MJ/day v 12.15 MJ/day, 95% confidence interval 1.45 to 3.53 MJ/day). 	 RESULTS
Among those in the upper third of energy intakes the mean (SE) ratio of intake to expenditure was close to 1.0, indicating accurate records (men 1.01 (0.11), women 0.96 (0.08]. 	 RESULTS
In the middle and lower thirds the ratios for men were only 0.74 (0.05) and 0.70 (0.07) respectively and for women 0.89 (0.07) and 0.61 (0.07). 	 RESULTS
These results show a serious bias in reporting habitual energy intake. 	 CONCLUSIONS
If substantiated they may have wide implications for the interpretation of many nutritional studies. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Vitamin D deficiency is associated with many adverse health outcomes, yet little is known about the genetic epidemiology of vitamin D or its metabolites. 	 CONTEXT
Our objective was to examine the relationship among three vitamin D-related genes and levels of 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] and 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D [1,25(OH)2D] in Hispanics (HAs) and African Americans (AAs). 	 OBJECTIVE
The cross-sectional Insulin Resistance Atherosclerosis Family Study recruited and examined subjects in: Los Angeles, California (AAs; 513 individuals from 42 families); San Luis Valley (SLV), Colorado (HAs; 513 individuals from 30 families); and San Antonio (SA), Texas (HAs; 504 individuals from 58 families). 	 DESIGN AND SETTING
Plasma levels of 25(OH)D and 1,25(OH)2D were measured. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Levels of 25(OH)D were highest in SLV-HAs [18.3 +/- 	 RESULTS
7.7 ng/ml (45.7 +/- 	 RESULTS
19.2 nmol/liter)], lower in SA-HAs [14.6 +/- 	 RESULTS
6.4 ng/ml (36.4 +/- 	 RESULTS
16.0 nmol/liter)], and lowest in AAs [11.0 +/- 	 RESULTS
5.4 ng/ml (27.5 +/- 	 RESULTS
13.5 nmol/liter)]. 	 RESULTS
Levels of 1,25(OH)2D were similar in AAs [43.5 +/- 	 RESULTS
13.9 pg/ml (113.1 +/- 	 RESULTS
36.1 pmol/liter)] and SLV-HAs [43.2 +/- 	 RESULTS
13.3 pg/ml (112.3 +/- 	 RESULTS
34.6 pmol/liter)], but higher in SA-HAs [48.6 +/- 	 RESULTS
17.0 pg/ml (126.4 +/- 	 RESULTS
44.2 pmol/liter)]. 	 RESULTS
After adjusting for gender and age within the site, two single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the vitamin D binding protein gene (DBP), rs4588 and rs7041, were associated with 25(OH)D, and one SNP in the DBP, rs4588, was associated with 1,25(OH)2D at all three study centers. 	 RESULTS
SNPs in the DBP are associated with levels of 25(OH)D and 1,25(OH)2D in HA and AA participants in the Insulin Resistance Atherosclerosis Family Study. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The purpose of this study was to determine whether microstructural abnormalities in the white matter of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex are associated with late-life depression. 	 OBJECTIVE
Seventeen elderly depressed subjects were compared with 16 elderly subjects who were not depressed. 	 METHOD
Diffusion tensor imaging was used to measure the fractional anisotropy of the white matter in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex's superior and middle frontal gyri bilaterally and in the left occipital lobe as a control region. 	 METHOD
The authors compared results between groups while controlling for age, sex, and comorbid medical disorders. 	 METHOD
Even after controlling for age, sex, hypertension, and heart disease, the authors found significantly lower fractional anisotropy values in the right superior frontal gyrus white matter of depressed patients than comparison subjects. 	 RESULTS
Microstructural changes in the white matter of the right superior frontal gyrus are associated with late-life depression. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Further work is needed to determine how these changes contribute to depression outcomes. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Mean platelet volume (MPV) is a platelet volume index. 	 BACKGROUND
Classically, MPV was recognized as a hallmark of platelet activation. 	 BACKGROUND
Recent studies have revealed that the MPV and MPV/platelet count (PC) ratio can predict long-term mortality in patients with ischemic cardio-vascular disease. 	 BACKGROUND
In addition, these indices were correlated with the pathophysiological characteristics of patients with various disorders, including malignant tumors. 	 BACKGROUND
We retrospectively analyzed various hematological indices of patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
The aim of this study was to evaluate the contribution of platelet volume indices to survival in these patients. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
A total of 268 patients were enrolled in the study. 	 RESULTS
The median age of the patients was 68 years (range: 31-87 years). 	 RESULTS
We compared various hematological indices between the NSCLC group and an age- and sex-matched comparator group. 	 RESULTS
was significantly decreased in the NSCLC group compared to the comparator group. 	 MPV
In contrast, the PC was significantly increased in the NSCLC group. 	 MPV
Consequently, the MPV/PC ratio was also decreased in the NSCLC group (0.397 vs. 0.501). 	 MPV
In receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curve analysis, the MPV/PC ratio was associated with a sensitivity of 62.3% and a specificity of 74.6% at a cutoff value of 0.408730 (area under the curve [AUC], 0.72492)]. 	 MPV
Univariate analysis revealed that overall survival (OS) was significantly shorter in the group with a low MPV/PC ratio than in the other group (median survival time [MST]: 10.3 months vs. 14.5 months, log-rank, P=0.0245). 	 MPV
Multivariate analysis confirmed that a low MPV/PC ratio was an independent unfavorable predictive factor for OS (hazard ratio [HR]: 1.668, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.235-2.271, P=0.0008). 	 MPV
These data clearly demonstrate that the MPV/PC ratio was closely associated with survival in patients with advanced NSCLC. 	 CONCLUSION
Technological advancements in neuroimaging and the increased use of these diagnostic modalities are responsible for the discovery of incidentally identified anomalies within the CNS. 	 BACKGROUND
In addition to the identification of unanticipated brain MRI abnormalities suggestive of demyelinating disease in patients undergoing neuroimaging for a medical reason other than evaluation for multiple sclerosis (MS), asymptomatic spinal cord lesions are periodically identified. 	 BACKGROUND
To determine if asymptomatic spinal cord lesions are associated with clinical progression in subjects with radiologically isolated syndrome (RIS). 	 OBJECTIVE
A retrospective review of RIS cases at the University of California, San Francisco Multiple Sclerosis Center was performed. 	 METHODS
The presence of asymptomatic cervical spinal cord MRI lesions was analyzed as a potential predictor for clinical progression. 	 METHODS
Twenty-five of 71 subjects with RIS possessed findings within the cervical spine that were highly suggestive of demyelinating disease. 	 RESULTS
Of these subjects, 21 (84%) progressed clinically to clinically isolated syndrome (n = 19) or primary progressive multiple sclerosis (n = 2) over a median time of 1.6 years from the date of RIS identification (interquartile range 0.8-3.8). 	 RESULTS
The sensitivity, specificity, and positive predictive value of an asymptomatic spinal cord lesion for subsequent development of either a first demyelinating attack or primary progressive MS were 87.5%, 91.5%, and 84%, respectively. 	 RESULTS
The odds ratio of clinical progression was 75.3 (95% confidence interval 16.1-350.0, p < 0.0001). 	 RESULTS
This association remained significant after adjusting for potential confounders. 	 RESULTS
These findings suggest that the presence of asymptomatic spinal cord lesions place subjects with RIS at substantial risk for clinical conversion to either an acute or progressive event, a risk that is independent of brain lesions on MRI. 	 CONCLUSION
Gallstone disease is a leading cause of morbidity in western countries and carries a high economic burden. 	 CONTEXT
Statins decrease hepatic cholesterol biosynthesis and may therefore lower the risk of cholesterol gallstones by reducing the cholesterol concentration in the bile. 	 CONTEXT
Data on this association in humans are scarce. 	 CONTEXT
To study the association between the use of statins, fibrates, or other lipid-lowering agents and the risk of incident gallstone disease followed by cholecystectomy. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Case-control analysis using the UK-based General Practice Research Database. 	 OBJECTIVE
Incident patients between 1994 and 2008 and 4 controls per each patient were identified and matched on age, sex, general practice, calendar time, and years of history in the database. 	 OBJECTIVE
The study population was 76% women and the mean (SD) age was 53.4 (15.0) years at the index date. 	 OBJECTIVE
Conditional logistic regression was used to estimate the odds ratio (OR) of developing gallstones followed by cholecystectomy in relation to exposure to lipid-lowering agents, stratified by exposure timing and duration. 	 OBJECTIVE
The ORs and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were adjusted for smoking, body mass index, ischemic heart disease, stroke, and estrogen use. 	 OBJECTIVE
The adjusted OR (AOR) for developing gallstone disease followed by cholecystectomy in relation to exposure to lipid-lowering agents. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
A total of 27,035 patients with cholecystectomy and 106,531 matched controls were identified, including 2396 patients and 8868 controls who had statin use. 	 RESULTS
Compared with nonuse, current statin use (last prescription recorded within 90 days before the first-time diagnosis of the disease) was 1.0% for patients and 0.8% for controls (AOR, 1.10; 95% CI, 0.95-1.27) for 1 to 4 prescriptions; 2.6% vs 2.4% (AOR, 0.85; 95% CI, 0.77-0.93) for 5 to 19 prescriptions, and 3.2% vs 3.7% (AOR, 0.64; 95% CI, 0.59-0.70) for 20 or more prescriptions. 	 RESULTS
The AORs for current use of statins defined as 20 or more prescriptions were similar (around 0.6) across age, sex, and body mass index categories, and across the statin class. 	 RESULTS
Long-term use of statins was associated with a decreased risk of gallstones followed by cholecystectomy. 	 CONCLUSION
To determine whether dietary n-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (LCPUFA) supplementation of pregnant women with a fetus at high risk of allergic disease reduces immunoglobulin E associated eczema or food allergy at 1 year of age. 	 OBJECTIVE
Follow-up of infants at high hereditary risk of allergic disease in the Docosahexaenoic Acid to Optimise Mother Infant Outcome (DOMInO) randomised controlled trial. 	 DESIGN
Adelaide, South Australia. 	 SETTING
706 infants at high hereditary risk of developing allergic disease whose mothers were participating in the DOMInO trial. 	 PARTICIPANTS
The intervention group (n=368) was randomly allocated to receive fish oil capsules (providing 900 mg of n-3 LCPUFA daily) from 21 weeks' gestation until birth; the control group (n=338) received matched vegetable oil capsules without n-3 LCPUFA. 	 INTERVENTIONS
Immunoglobulin E associated allergic disease (eczema or food allergy with sensitisation) at 1 year of age. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
No differences were seen in the overall percentage of infants with immunoglobulin E associated allergic disease between the n-3 LCPUFA and control groups (32/368 (9%) v 43/338 (13%); unadjusted relative risk 0.68, 95% confidence interval 0.43 to 1.05, P=0.08; adjusted relative risk 0.70, 0.45 to 1.09, P=0.12), although the percentage of infants diagnosed as having atopic eczema (that is, eczema with associated sensitisation) was lower in the n-3 LCPUFA group (26/368 (7%) v 39/338 (12%); unadjusted relative risk 0.61, 0.38 to 0.98, P=0.04; adjusted relative risk 0.64, 0.40 to 1.02, P=0.06). 	 RESULTS
Fewer infants were sensitised to egg in the n-3 LCPUFA group (34/368 (9%) v 52/338 (15%); unadjusted relative risk 0.61, 0.40 to 0.91, P=0.02; adjusted relative risk 0.62, 0.41 to 0.93, P=0.02), but no difference between groups in immunoglobulin E associated food allergy was seen. 	 RESULTS
n-3 LCPUFA supplementation in pregnancy did not reduce the overall incidence of immunoglobulin E associated allergies in the first year of life, although atopic eczema and egg sensitisation were lower. 	 CONCLUSION
Longer term follow-up is needed to determine if supplementation has an effect on respiratory allergic diseases and aeroallergen sensitisation in childhood. 	 CONCLUSION
Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ACTRN12610000735055 (DOMInO trial: ACTRN12605000569606). 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
Triglyceride accumulation in the liver is an early feature in the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) associated with human obesity, which is a multifactorial syndrome and whose underlying mechanisms are beginning to be understood. 	 INTRODUCTION
Liver peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ (PPAR-γ) mRNA expression was measured as a signaling mechanism related to steatosis in obese patients with NAFLD. 	 OBJECTIVES
Liver PPAR-γ and sterol receptor element-binding protein 1c (SREBP-1c) mRNA (real-time RT-PCR), serum total adiponectin (RIA), and high molecular weight (HMW)-adiponectin (ELISA) levels, and insulin resistance (IR) evolution (homeostasis model assessment-IR) were determined in 22 obese NAFLD patients (16 with steatosis and six with steatohepatitis) who underwent subtotal gastrectomy with gastrojejunal anastomosis in Roux-en-Y and 16 nonobese subjects who underwent laparoscopic cholecystectomy (controls). 	 METHODS
Liver PPAR-γ mRNA levels were 112 and 188% higher (P < 0.05) than control values in obese patients with steatosis and steatohepatitis, respectively, who also exhibited 70 and 62% increases in those of SREBP-1c, concomitantly with IR and lower levels of serum total adiponectin and HMW-adiponectin (P < 0.05). 	 RESULTS
Liver PPAR-γ expression showed positive associations with SREBP-1c mRNA levels (r = 0.86; P < 0.0001), serum insulin levels (r = 0.39; P < 0.01), and homeostasis model assessment-IR (r = 0.60; P < 0.0001), and negative correlations with total adiponectin (r = -0.37; P < 0.01) and HMW-adiponectin (r = -0.51; P < 0.001) levels in serum. 	 RESULTS
PPAR-γ is up-regulated in the liver of obese patients with NAFLD, representing an additional reinforcing lipogenic mechanism to SREBP-1c induction in the development of hepatic steatosis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To examine by immunohistochemistry the relative distributions of 6 matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs 1, 2, 3, 8, 9, and 13) and the 2 proinflammatory cytokines interleukin-1beta (IL-1beta) and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFalpha) in osteoarthritic (OA) cartilage compared with normal, age-matched articular cartilage. 	 OBJECTIVE
Articular cartilage samples were obtained from the tibial plateau of OA knees removed at arthroplasty and from normal, nonarthritic, knees obtained at autopsy. 	 METHODS
Specimens were promptly fixed in Carnoy's fixative, processed, embedded in paraffin, sectioned, and examined by immunohistochemistry for MMP and cytokine production. 	 METHODS
In addition, human articular chondrocytes (HAC) were treated in vitro with either IL-1beta, TNFalpha, or phorbol myristate acetate (PMA) to assess their potential to produce each of the MMPs, as determined by Western blotting and gelatin zymography. 	 METHODS
Immunodetection of the collagenases (MMPs 1, 8, and 13) and stromelysin 1 (MMP-3) was demonstrated in a proportion of chondrocytes in the superficial zone of almost all of the OA specimens that had degenerative matrix changes. 	 RESULTS
The gelatinases (MMPs 2 and 9) were also demonstrated by immunohistochemistry but were not so prominent. 	 RESULTS
IL-1beta- and TNFalpha-positive chondrocytes were also observed in a proportion of cells in the superficial zones of OA specimens. 	 RESULTS
Much less immunostaining for MMPs and cytokines was observed in the deep zone of all OA specimens, where the cartilage matrix and chondrocyte morphology appeared normal. 	 RESULTS
In contrast, full-thickness normal cartilage specimens showed virtually no immunostaining for these MMPs or cytokines. 	 RESULTS
Confirmation that chondrocytes can produce these 6 MMPs was obtained from HAC cultures treated with either IL-1beta, TNFalpha, or PMA; conditioned medium from activated HAC contained all the MMPs demonstrated by immunohistochemistry. 	 RESULTS
Dual immunolocalization studies of OA cartilage specimens demonstrated the coexpression of IL-1 with MMP-8 by individual chondrocytes in situ. 	 RESULTS
These results indicate that the superficial zone of OA cartilage specimens, which is characterized by fibrillations, chondrocyte clusters, and degenerative matrix changes, contains a variable proportion of cells that immunostain for IL-1beta, TNFalpha, and 6 different MMPs. 	 CONCLUSION
These observations support the concept that cytokine-MMP associations reflect a modified chondrocyte phenotype and an intrinsic process of cartilage degradation in OA. 	 CONCLUSION
To compare pregnancy rates (PR) for letrozole and gonadotropins in individuals who failed to conceive with clomiphene citrate (CC). 	 OBJECTIVE
Retrospective cohort study. 	 DESIGN
University reproductive center. 	 SETTING
PATIENT(S) Individuals treated with letrozole or gonadotropins who failed to conceive with CC. 	 SETTING
INTERVENTION(S) Controlled ovarian hyperstimulation (COH), transvaginal ultrasound, ovulation induction, IUI. 	 SETTING
MEASURE(S) 	 MAIN OUTCOME
Pregnancy rates per cycle. 	 MAIN OUTCOME
RESULT(S) Among patients who failed to conceive with at least three cycles of CC, gonadotropins had a higher PR per cycle than letrozole. 	 MAIN OUTCOME
Among individuals who failed to conceive with less than three cycles of CC and whose medications were changed because of thin uterine lining or intolerable side effects, average PR per cycle for letrozole and gonadotropin treatments were equivalent. 	 MAIN OUTCOME
All patients conceived within three stimulation cycles with either gonadotropins or letrozole. 	 MAIN OUTCOME
CONCLUSION(S) In patients who failed to conceive with CC, gonadotropins have higher PR for ovulation induction than letrozole. 	 MAIN OUTCOME
However, PR were high enough with letrozole to justify its use in this population of patients. 	 MAIN OUTCOME
Letrozole and gonadotropins should not be used for more than three cycles without a conception. 	 MAIN OUTCOME
Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) is a devastating disease. 	 RATIONALE
Antiinflammatory therapies, including corticosteroids, are of no benefit. 	 RATIONALE
The role of monocytes and macrophages is therefore controversial. 	 RATIONALE
To define the role of monocytes and macrophages during lung fibrogenesis and resolution, and explore the phenotype of the cells involved. 	 OBJECTIVES
We used multiple in vivo depletional strategies, backed up by adoptive transfer techniques. 	 METHODS
Further studies were performed on samples from patients with IPF. 	 METHODS
Depletion of lung macrophages during fibrogenesis reduced pulmonary fibrosis as measured by lung collagen (P = 0.0079); fibrosis score (P = 0.0051); and quantitative polymerase chain reaction for surrogate markers of fibrosis Col1 (P = 0.0083) and a-smooth muscle actin (P = 0.0349). 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
There was an associated reduction in markers of the profibrotic alternative macrophage activation phenotype, Ym1 (P = 0.0179), and Arginase 1. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
The alternative macrophage marker CD163 was expressed on lung macrophages from patients with IPF. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
Depletion of Ly6Chi circulating monocytes reduced pulmonary fibrosis (P = 0.0052) and the number of Ym1- positive alternatively activated lung macrophages (P = 0.0310). 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
Their adoptive transfer during fibrogenesis exacerbated fibrosis (P = 0.0304); however, adoptively transferred CD45.1 Ly6Chi cells were not found in the lungs of recipient CD45.2 mice. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
We demonstrate the importance of circulating monocytes and lung macrophages during pulmonary fibrosis, and emphasize the importance of the alternatively activated macrophage phenotype. 	 CONCLUSIONS
We show that Ly6Chi monocytes facilitate the progression of pulmonary fibrosis, but are not obviously engrafted into lungs thereafter. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Finally, we provide empirical data to suggest that macrophages may have a resolution-promoting role during the reversible phase of bleomycin-induced pulmonary fibrosis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Awake craniotomy was performed as the standard surgical approach to supratentorial intraaxial tumors, regardless of the involvement of eloquent cortex, in a prospective trial of 200 patients surgically treated by the same surgeon at a single institution. 	 OBJECT
Patient presentations, comorbid conditions, tumor locations, and the histological characteristics of lesions were recorded. 	 METHODS
Brain mapping was possible in 195 (97.5%) of 200 patients. 	 METHODS
The total number of patients sustaining complications was 33 for an overall complication rate of 16.5%. 	 METHODS
There were two deaths in this series, for a mortality rate of 1%. 	 METHODS
New postoperative neurological deficits were seen in 13% of the patients, but these were permanent in only 4.5% of them. 	 METHODS
Complication rates were higher in patients who had gliomas or preoperative neurological deficits and in those who had undergone prior radiation therapy or surgery. 	 METHODS
No patient who entered the operating room neurologically intact sustained a permanent neurological deficit postoperatively. 	 METHODS
Of the most recent 50 patients treated, three (6%) required a stay in the intensive care unit, and the median total hospital stay was 1 day. 	 METHODS
Use of awake craniotomy can result in a considerable reduction in resource utilization without compromising patient care by minimizing intensive care time and total hospital stay. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Awake craniotomy is a practical and effective standard surgical approach to supratentorial tumors with a low complication rate, and provides an excellent alternative to craniotomy performed with the patient in the state of general anesthesia because it allows the opportunity for brain mapping and avoids general anesthesia. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Funnel plots (plots of effect estimates against sample size) may be useful to detect bias in meta-analyses that were later contradicted by large trials. 	 OBJECTIVE
We examined whether a simple test of asymmetry of funnel plots predicts discordance of results when meta-analyses are compared to large trials, and we assessed the prevalence of bias in published meta-analyses. 	 OBJECTIVE
Medline search to identify pairs consisting of a meta-analysis and a single large trial (concordance of results was assumed if effects were in the same direction and the meta-analytic estimate was within 30% of the trial); analysis of funnel plots from 37 meta-analyses identified from a hand search of four leading general medicine journals 1993-6 and 38 meta-analyses from the second 1996 issue of the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews. 	 DESIGN
Degree of funnel plot asymmetry as measured by the intercept from regression of standard normal deviates against precision. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
In the eight pairs of meta-analysis and large trial that were identified (five from cardiovascular medicine, one from diabetic medicine, one from geriatric medicine, one from perinatal medicine) there were four concordant and four discordant pairs. 	 RESULTS
In all cases discordance was due to meta-analyses showing larger effects. 	 RESULTS
Funnel plot asymmetry was present in three out of four discordant pairs but in none of concordant pairs. 	 RESULTS
In 14 (38%) journal meta-analyses and 5 (13%) Cochrane reviews, funnel plot asymmetry indicated that there was bias. 	 RESULTS
A simple analysis of funnel plots provides a useful test for the likely presence of bias in meta-analyses, but as the capacity to detect bias will be limited when meta-analyses are based on a limited number of small trials the results from such analyses should be treated with considerable caution. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To assess the antihypertensive efficacy of olmesartan medoxomil and ramipril on 24-h ambulatory blood pressure (ABP) in elderly hypertensive patients by pooled data analysis of two studies with identical designs (one Italian, one European). 	 OBJECTIVE
After a 2-week placebo wash-out 1453 elderly hypertensive patients (65-89 years; sitting office DBP 90-109 mmHg and/or sitting office SBP 140-179 mmHg) were randomized to a 12-week double-blind treatment with olmesartan medoxomil 10 mg or ramipril 2.5 mg once-daily, up-titrated (20 and 40 mg olmesartan medoxomil; 5 and 10 mg ramipril) after 2 and 6 weeks in patients without normalized office BP. 	 METHODS
24-h ABP was recorded at randomization and after 12 weeks. 	 METHODS
In 715 patients with valid baseline and end-of-treatment recordings baseline-adjusted 24-h SBP and DBP reductions were greater with olmesartan medoxomil (n = 356) than with ramipril (n = 359) [between-treatment differences and 95% confidence interval (CI), SBP: 2.2 (3.8, 0.6), P = 0.006; DBP: 1.3 (2.2, 0.3), P = 0.009]. 	 RESULTS
Olmesartan medoxomil showed larger BP reductions in the last 6 h from the dosing interval and higher smoothness indices than ramipril. 	 RESULTS
Olmesartan medoxomil reduced the SBP morning rise [-2.8 (-4.9, -0.8) mmHg], whereas ramipril did not [+1.5 (-0.6, +3.6) mmHg; P = 0.004 between-treatments]. 	 RESULTS
Five hundred and eighty-two patients with sustained hypertension (office and 24-h ambulatory hypertension) showed the largest antihypertensive effect, with between-treatment differences still in favor of olmesartan medoxomil [SBP: 2.1 (3.9, 0.4), P = 0.019; DBP: 1.2 (2.3, 0.1), P = 0.032]. 	 RESULTS
Olmesartan medoxomil provides a more effective and sustained 24-h BP control than ramipril in elderly hypertensive patients, particularly in the hours farthest from last intake. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To compare the outcome of pregnancy in cohorts of women with singleton pregnancy and history of preterm birth and sonographic short cervix managed with different treatment protocols, namely cerclage, vaginal progesterone or cervical pessary. 	 OBJECTIVE
This was a comparison of three management protocols for women with singleton pregnancy and a high risk of preterm birth because of a prior spontaneous preterm birth before 34 weeks and a shortened cervical length detected by transvaginal ultrasound. 	 METHODS
The study included 142 women who were initially treated with cerclage (USA), 59 with vaginal progesterone (UK) and 42 with cervical pessary (Spain). 	 METHODS
Perinatal outcomes were compared between the three cohorts. 	 METHODS
RESULTS 	 METHODS
There were no statistically significant differences in perinatal losses, neonatal morbidity and preterm births among the three groups, apart from a higher rate of preterm birth before 34 weeks' gestation after treatment with vaginal progesterone in comparison with treatment with cervical pessary (32% vs 12%; relative risk (RR) = 2.70; 95% CI, 1.10-6.67). 	 METHODS
When only the subgroups of women with cervical length < 25 mm, irrespective of gestational age, were compared, the difference between these two cohorts was not statistically significant (RR = 2.21; 95% CI, 0.83-5.89). 	 METHODS
Cerclage, vaginal progesterone and pessary appear to have similar effectiveness as management strategies in women with singleton pregnancy, previous spontaneous preterm birth and short cervix. 	 CONCLUSION
Direct randomized comparisons of these strategies, or combinations thereof, are needed to determine optimal management. 	 CONCLUSION
Overweight and obesity are increasing in the United States. 	 CONTEXT
Changes in diet and physical activity are important for weight control. 	 CONTEXT
To examine the prevalence of attempting to lose or to maintain weight and to describe weight control strategies among US adults. 	 OBJECTIVES
DESIGN 	 OBJECTIVES
The Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System, a random-digit telephone survey conducted in 1996 by state health departments. 	 OBJECTIVES
Setting The 49 states (and the District of Columbia) that participated in the survey. 	 OBJECTIVES
Adults aged 18 years and older (N = 107 804). 	 PARTICIPANTS
Reported current weights and goal weights, prevalence of weight loss or maintenance attempts, and strategies used to control weight (eating fewer calories, eating less fat, or using physical activity) by population subgroup. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
The prevalence of attempting to lose and maintain weight was 28.8% and 35.1 % among men and 43.6% and 34.4% among women, respectively. 	 RESULTS
Among those attempting to lose weight, a common strategy was to consume less fat but not fewer calories (34.9% of men and 40.0% of women); only 21.5% of men and 19.4% of women reported using the recommended combination of eating fewer calories and engaging in at least 150 minutes of leisure-time physical activity per week. 	 RESULTS
Among men trying to lose weight, the median weight was 90.4 kg with a goal weight of 81.4 kg. 	 RESULTS
Among women, the median weight was 70.3 kg with a goal weight of 59.0 kg. 	 RESULTS
Weight loss and weight maintenance are common concerns for US men and women. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Most persons trying to lose weight are not using the recommended combination of reducing calorie intake and engaging in leisure-time physical activity 150 minutes or more per week. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Medicare's reimbursement policy was changed in 1998 to provide coverage for screening colonoscopies for patients with increased colon cancer risk, and expanded further in 2001 to cover screening colonoscopies for all individuals. 	 CONTEXT
To determine whether the Medicare reimbursement policy changes were associated with an increase in either colonoscopy use or early stage colon cancer diagnosis. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Patients in the Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results Medicare linked database who were 67 years of age and older and had a primary diagnosis of colon cancer during 1992-2002, as well as a group of Medicare beneficiaries who resided in Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results areas but who were not diagnosed with cancer. 	 OBJECTIVE
Trends in colonoscopy and sigmoidoscopy use among Medicare beneficiaries without cancer were assessed using multivariate Poisson regression. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Among the patients with cancer, stage was classified as early (stage I) vs all other (stages II-IV). 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Time was categorized as period 1 (no screening coverage, 1992-1997), period 2 (limited coverage, January 1998-June 2001), and period 3 (universal coverage, July 2001-December 2002). 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
A multivariate logistic regression (outcome = early stage) was used to assess temporal trends in stage at diagnosis; an interaction term between tumor site and time was included. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Colonoscopy use increased from an average rate of 285/100,000 per quarter in period 1 to 889 and 1919/100,000 per quarter in periods 2 (P<.001) and 3 (P vs 2<.001), respectively. 	 RESULTS
During the study period, 44,924 eligible patients were diagnosed with colorectal cancer. 	 RESULTS
The proportion of patients diagnosed at an early stage increased from 22.5% in period 1 to 25.5% in period 2 and 26.3% in period 3 (P<.001 for each pairwise comparison). 	 RESULTS
The changes in Medicare coverage were strongly associated with early stage at diagnosis for patients with proximal colon lesions (adjusted relative risk period 2 vs 1, 1.19; 95% confidence interval, 1.13-1.26; adjusted relative risk period 3 vs 2, 1.10; 95% confidence interval, 1.02-1.17) but weakly associated, if at all, for patients with distal colon lesions (adjusted relative risk period 2 vs 1, 1.07; 95% confidence interval, 1.01-1.13; adjusted relative risk period 3 vs 2, 0.97; 95% confidence interval, 0.90-1.05). 	 RESULTS
Expansion of Medicare reimbursement to cover colon cancer screening was associated with an increased use of colonoscopy for Medicare beneficiaries, and for those who were diagnosed with colon cancer, an increased probability of being diagnosed at an early stage. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The selective effect of the coverage change on proximal colon lesions suggests that increased use of whole-colon screening modalities such as colonoscopy may have played a pivotal role. 	 CONCLUSIONS
OF REVIEW Greater understanding of the biology and genetics of urothelial carcinoma is helping to identify and define the role of molecules and pathways appropriate for novel-targeted therapies. 	 PURPOSE
Here, we review the targeted therapies that have been reported or are in ongoing urothelial carcinoma clinical trials, and highlight molecular targets characterized in preclinical and clinical studies. 	 PURPOSE
Trials in nonmuscle-invasive bladder cancer are evaluating the role of immunotherapy and agents targeting vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) or fibroblast growth factor receptor-3. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
In muscle-invasive bladder cancer, neoadjuvant studies have focused on combining VEGF agents with chemotherapy; adjuvant studies are testing vaccines and agents targeting the human epidermal growth factor receptor 2, p53, and Hsp27. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
In the first-line treatment of metastatic urothelial carcinoma, tubulin, cytotoxic T-lymphocyte antigen 4, Hsp27, and p53 are novel targets in clinical trials. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
The majority of targeted agents studied in urothelial carcinoma are in the second-line setting; new targets include CD105, polo-like kinase-1, phosphatidylinositide 3-kinases (PI3K), transforming growth factor β receptor/activin receptor-like kinase β, estrogen receptor, and the hepatocyte growth factor receptor (HGFR or MET). 	 RECENT FINDINGS
Development of targeted therapies for urothelial carcinoma is still in early stages, consequently there have been no major therapeutic advances to date. 	 SUMMARY
However, greater understanding of urothelial carcinoma and solid tumor biology has resulted in a proliferation of clinical trials that could lead to significant advances in treatment strategies. 	 SUMMARY
To determine whether hypoalbuminemia is an independent risk factor for poor outcome in the acutely ill, and to assess the potential of exogenous albumin administration for improving outcomes in hypoalbuminemic patients. 	 OBJECTIVE
Hypoalbuminemia is associated with poor outcomes in acutely ill patients, but whether this association is causal has remained unclear. 	 SUMMARY BACKGROUND DATA
Trials investigating albumin therapy to correct hypoalbuminemia have proven inconclusive. 	 SUMMARY BACKGROUND DATA
A meta-analysis was conducted of 90 cohort studies with 291,433 total patients evaluating hypoalbuminemia as an outcome predictor by multivariate analysis and, separately, of nine prospective controlled trials with 535 total patients on correcting hypoalbuminemia. 	 METHODS
Hypoalbuminemia was a potent, dose-dependent independent predictor of poor outcome. 	 RESULTS
Each 10-g/L decline in serum albumin concentration significantly raised the odds of mortality by 137%, morbidity by 89%, prolonged intensive care unit and hospital stay respectively by 28% and 71%, and increased resource utilization by 66%. 	 RESULTS
The association between hypoalbuminemia and poor outcome appeared to be independent of both nutritional status and inflammation. 	 RESULTS
Analysis of dose-dependency in controlled trials of albumin therapy suggested that complication rates may be reduced when the serum albumin level attained during albumin administration exceeds 30 g/L.   CONCLUSIONS Hypoalbuminemia is strongly associated with poor clinical outcomes. 	 RESULTS
Further well-designed trials are needed to characterize the effects of albumin therapy in hypoalbuminemic patients. 	 RESULTS
In the interim, there is no compelling basis to withhold albumin therapy if it is judged clinically appropriate. 	 RESULTS
MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNA molecules. 	 BACKGROUND
Reduced or increased levels of specific miRNAs are observed in colon and other cancers, supporting their role in carcinogenesis. 	 BACKGROUND
Detection of colorectal polyps is the cornerstone of the Bowel Cancer Screening Programme in the UK. 	 BACKGROUND
However, uptake of screening nationally remains under 60%. 	 BACKGROUND
We aimed to see whether circulating plasma miRNAs can be used to screen for patients with colorectal polyps, adenomas, or both. 	 BACKGROUND
Blood samples were taken from patients from the Bowel Cancer Screening Programme (asymptomatic but faecal occult blood testing [FOBt] positive). 	 METHODS
Plasma RNA was extracted, target miRNAs (19a, 98, 146b, 186, 191, 222*, 331-5p, 452, 625, 664, 1247) were identified on pooled case miRNA assay cards, and miRNA fraction was quantified by quantitative RT-PCR assay. 	 METHODS
Results were compared with endoscopy reports and with histology of any polyps identified and removed. 	 METHODS
Analysis was done with Excel (2011) and SPSS (version 20) software. 	 METHODS
210 patients were included (117 with polyps, 12 with cancer, 81 healthy controls [FOBt positive]). 	 FINDINGS
The miRNA panel showed significant differences in expression (on t testing) for patients compared with controls for those with polyps, cancer, or both (miR-19a, p=0·0184; miR-98, p=0·0206; miR-146b, p=0·0029; miR-186, p=0·0006; miR-62,5 p=0·0008), polyps (miR-19a, p=0·0233; miR-98, p=0·0224; miR-146b, p=0·003; miR-186, p=0·0004; miR-625, p=0·001), adenomas (miR-19a, p=0·0339; miR-98, p=0·0266; miR-146b, p=0·0045; miR-186, p=0·0008; miR-625, p=0·0049), multiple adenomas (both sides of colon; miR-146b, p=0·0194; miR-186, p=0·0226; miR-625, p=0·0013), and right-sided adenomas (miR-98, p=0·031; miR-146b, p=0·0076; miR-186, p=0·0041; miR-331-5p, p=0·0142; miR-625, p=0·0049). 	 FINDINGS
Receiver operating characteristic analysis showed sensitivity of 60% or more, and specificity of 86% or more for men with polyps, men with adenomas, all patients with haemorrhoids or diverticulosis and polyps, and all patients with haemorrhoids or diverticulosis and adenomas. 	 FINDINGS
The target miRNAs that we identified showed significant differences in expression levels for patients with polyps and patients with adenomas from controls. 	 INTERPRETATION
Use of this panel has potential as a screening test. 	 INTERPRETATION
Bowel Disease Research Foundation. 	 FUNDING
To evaluate the cumulative incidence of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia II or worse (grade II+) or cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade III+ after short term persistence of prevalently detected carcinogenic human papillomavirus (HPV). 	 OBJECTIVE
Population based cohort study. 	 DESIGN
Guanacaste, Costa Rica. 	 SETTING
2282 sexually active women actively followed after enrolment. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Primary end points: three year and five year cumulative incidence of histologically confirmed cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade II+ (n=70). 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Cervical specimens collected at each visit tested for more than 40 HPV genotypes. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
16, 18, 26, 31, 33, 35, 39, 45, 51, 52, 56, 58, 59, 66, 68, 73, and 82 were considered the primary carcinogenic genotypes. 	 HPV
Women who tested positive for a carcinogenic HPV at enrolment and after about one year (9-21 months) (positive/positive) had a three year cumulative incidence of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade II+ of 17.0% (95% confidence interval 12.1% to 22.0%). 	 RESULTS
Those who tested negative/positive (3.4%, 0.1% to 6.8%), positive/negative (1.2%, -0.2% to 2.5%), and negative/negative (0.5%, 0.1% to 0.9%) were at a significantly lower risk. 	 RESULTS
There was little difference in the cumulative incidence of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade II+ between testing positive twice for any carcinogenic HPV genotype (same genotype or different genotypes) v testing positive twice for the same carcinogenic genotype (17.0% v 21.3%, respectively). 	 RESULTS
Short term persistence of HPV 16 strongly predicted cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade II+, with a three year cumulative incidence of 40.8% (26.4% to 55.1%). 	 RESULTS
Similar patterns were observed for the five year cumulative incidence of grade II+ and for three year and five year cumulative incidence of grade III+. 	 RESULTS
Short term persistence of a prevalently detected carcinogenic HPV infection, especially HPV 16, strongly predicts a subsequent diagnosis of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia II+ over the next few years. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To evaluate the relationship between CD40/CD40L system and increased thrombogenesis in AF, and to test the effects of simvastatin treatment. 	 OBJECTIVES
In vitro study using human tissue, University Hospital (tertiary referral center). 	 METHODS
Experiments on right atrial segments obtained before the onset of cardiopulmonary bypass were done in either presence or absence of 5 microM simvastatin. 	 METHODS
Two groups of patients in either chronic atrial fibrillation or sinus rhythm at the time of cardiac surgery. 	 METHODS
The endocardial expression of CD40, the release of CD40L, and adhesion of platelets to endocardium. 	 METHODS
Additionally, the thickness of platelet aggregates and the platelet distribution on the endocardium were also evaluated. 	 METHODS
Atrial fibrillation was associated with a significant increase of endocardial CD40 expression (293.1+/-55.1 pg/ml vs. 230.9+/-53.3 pg/ml, p<0.01), and platelet-endocardial adhesion compared with sinus rhythm atria (10.8+/-2.2 vs. 5.2+/-1.3 platelet CD41 AU p<0.01). 	 RESULTS
At immunofluorescence about 62% of fibrillating endocardium was covered by platelets, compared with 12% of not sinus rhythm atria. 	 RESULTS
Addition of simvastatin significantly reduced CD40 expression as well as platelet adhesion to fibrillating atria; its efficacy was not reversed by the addition of mevalonic acid. 	 RESULTS
Chronic atrial fibrillation acutely upregulates CD40 expression as well as platelet adhesion to the endocardium. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Simvastatin is effective in modulating this expression, thus it may potentially contribute to reduce the risk of intra-atrial thrombus formation. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The occurrence of transfusion transmissions of variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD) cases has reawakened attention to the possible similar risk posed by other forms of CJD. 	 BACKGROUND
with a definite or probable diagnosis (sporadic CJD, n = 741; genetic CJD, n = 175) and no-CJD patients with definite alternative diagnosis (n = 482) with available blood transfusion history were included in the study. 	 STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS CJD
The risk of exposure to blood transfusion occurring more than 10 years before disease onset and for some possible confounding factors was evaluated by calculating crude odds ratios (ORs). 	 STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS CJD
Variables with significant ORs in univariate analyses were included in multivariate logistic regression analyses. 	 STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS CJD
In the univariate model, blood transfusion occurring more than 10 years before clinical onset is 4.1-fold more frequent in sporadic CJD than in other neurologic disorders. 	 RESULTS
This significance is lost when the 10-year lag time was not considered. 	 RESULTS
Multivariate analyses show that the risk of developing sporadic CJD after transfusion increases (OR, 5.05) after adjusting for possible confounding factors. 	 RESULTS
Analysis conducted on patients with genetic CJD did not reveal any significant risk factor associated with transfusion. 	 RESULTS
This is the first case-control study showing a significant risk of transfusion occurring more than 10 years before clinical onset in sporadic CJD patients. 	 CONCLUSION
It remains questionable whether the significance of these data is biologically plausible or the consequence of biases in the design of the study, but they counterbalance previous epidemiologic negative reports that might have overestimated the assessment of blood safety in sporadic CJD. 	 CONCLUSION
To identify the psychosocial needs of breast-cancer patients and their relatives along with factors affecting these needs and to develop a tentative model to guide further research and need assessments in clinical practice. 	 AIM
Women experiencing breast cancer must deal with the diagnosis of a life-threatening illness. 	 BACKGROUND
Treatment and the recovery process can be demanding for patients and their relatives. 	 BACKGROUND
Need assessment may help clinicians focus on providing appropriate help. 	 BACKGROUND
Literature review. 	 DESIGN
Undertaken using electronic databases and specific research terms; 20 articles were identified and analysed. 	 METHOD
The needs identified by patients involve (1) treatment-related physical and social impairment like fatigue, menopausal symptoms and a changed body image and (2) emotional distress like fear of recurrence, anxiety and depression. 	 RESULTS
Partners need help to protect themselves and the patient from different threats. 	 RESULTS
Women need information to maintain control and manage their illness. 	 RESULTS
Partners want information concerning the patient's condition and both of them about the prognosis and perspectives. 	 RESULTS
There is a lack of knowledge of relatives' needs. 	 RESULTS
Mutual familial support, women's and partners' health and emotional distress may affect the interaction between the patients and their partners. 	 RESULTS
A tentative family-based model to guide further research and clinical support is proposed. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Further research is needed to determine precisely which psychosocial factors may influence fulfilment of the patients' and relatives' needs. 	 CONCLUSIONS
TO CLINICAL PRACTICE The proposed model may provide a framework for healthcare professionals to evaluate the patients' and relatives' met and unmet needs and the real demand for help, to guide care planning, counselling and education. 	 RELEVANCE
To assess whether advance provision of emergency contraception increases its use and whether it has secondary effects on regular contraceptive use. 	 OBJECTIVE
We conducted a controlled trial of female clients, aged 16-24 years, who attended a publicly funded family planning clinic. 	 METHODS
Women were systematically assigned to receive an advance provision of emergency contraception and education (treatment) or education only (control). 	 METHODS
Among 263 participants enrolled (133 treatment, 130 control), follow-up was completed in 213 (111 treatment, 102 control). 	 METHODS
The main outcome measures were emergency contraception knowledge and use, frequency of unprotected sex, and pattern of contraceptive use in the past 4 months. 	 METHODS
Participants were aware of emergency contraception at follow-up, but the treatment group was three times as likely to use it (P =.006). 	 RESULTS
Although the treatment group did not report higher frequencies of unprotected sex than the control group, women in the treatment group (28%) were more likely than those in the control group (17%) to report using less effective contraception at follow-up compared with enrollment (P =.05). 	 RESULTS
The proportion of women in both groups who reported consistent pill use increased from enrollment to follow-up (34% versus 45%); however, the control group (58%) was more likely than the treatment group (32%) to report consistent pill use at follow-up (P =.03). 	 RESULTS
Use of emergency contraception was increased by providing it in advance, but not by education alone. 	 CONCLUSION
Changes to less effective contraceptive methods and patterns of pill use were potentially negative effects that need to be explored in relation to observed benefits. 	 CONCLUSION
Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) represents a clinically heterogeneous disease. 	 PURPOSE
Models based on immunohistochemistry predict clinical outcome. 	 PURPOSE
These include subdivision into germinal center (GC) versus non-GC subtypes; proliferation index (measured by expression of Ki-67), and expression of BCL-2, FOXP1, or B-lymphocyte-induced maturation protein (Blimp-1)/PRDM1. 	 PURPOSE
We sought to determine whether immunohistochemical analyses of biopsies from patients with DLBCL having HIV infection are similarly relevant for prognosis. 	 PURPOSE
We examined 81 DLBCLs from patients with AIDS in AMC010 (cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, vincristine, and prednisone [CHOP] v CHOP-rituximab) and AMC034 (etoposide, doxorubicin, vincristine, prednisone, and dose-adjusted cyclophosphamide plus rituximab concurrent v sequential) clinical trials and compared the immunophenotype with survival data, Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) positivity, and CD4 counts. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
The GC and non-GC subtypes of DLBCL did not differ significantly with respect to overall survival or CD4 count at cancer presentation. 	 RESULTS
could be found in both subtypes of DLBCL, although less frequently in the GC subtype, and did not affect survival. 	 EBV
Expression of FOXP1, Blimp-1/PRDM1, or BCL-2 was not correlated with the outcome in patients with AIDS-related DLBCL. 	 EBV
These data indicate that with current treatment strategies for lymphoma and control of HIV infection, commonly used immunohistochemical markers may not be clinically relevant in HIV-infected patients with DLBCL. 	 CONCLUSION
The only predictive immunohistochemical marker was found to be Ki-67, where a higher proliferation index was associated with better survival, suggesting a better response to therapy in patients whose tumors had higher proliferation rates. 	 CONCLUSION
Dexamethasone is widely used to prevent postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) in pediatric tonsillectomy. 	 CONTEXT
To assess whether dexamethasone dose-dependently reduces the risk of PONV at 24 hours after tonsillectomy. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PATIENTS Randomized placebo-controlled trial conducted among 215 children undergoing elective tonsillectomy at a major public teaching hospital in Switzerland from February 2005 to December 2007. 	 OBJECTIVE
Children were randomly assigned to receive dexamethasone (0.05, 0.15, or 0.5 mg/kg) or placebo intravenously after induction of anesthesia. 	 INTERVENTIONS
Acetaminophen-codeine and ibuprofen were given as postoperative analgesia. 	 INTERVENTIONS
Follow-up continued until the 10th postoperative day. 	 INTERVENTIONS
The primary end point was prevention of PONV at 24 hours; secondary end points were decrease in the need for ibuprofen at 24 hours and evaluation of adverse effects. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
At 24 hours, 24 of 54 participants who received placebo (44%; 95% confidence interval [CI], 31%-59%) had experienced PONV compared with 20 of 53 (38%; 95% CI, 25%-52%), 13 of 54 (24%; 95% CI, 13%-38%), and 6 of 52 (12%; 95% CI, 4%-23%) who received dexamethasone at 0.05, 0.15, and 0.5 mg/kg, respectively (P<.001 for linear trend). 	 RESULTS
Children who received dexamethasone received significantly less ibuprofen. 	 RESULTS
There were 26 postoperative bleeding episodes in 22 children. 	 RESULTS
Two of 53 (4%; 95% CI, 0.5%-13%) 	 RESULTS
children who received placebo had bleeding compared with 6 of 53 (11%; 95% CI, 4%-23%), 2 of 51 (4%; 95% CI, 0.5%-13%), and 12 of 50 (24%; 95% CI, 13%-38%) who received dexamethasone at 0.05, 0.15, and 0.5 mg/kg, respectively (P = .003). 	 RESULTS
Dexamethasone, 0.5 mg/kg, was associated with the highest bleeding risk (adjusted relative risk, 6.80; 95% CI, 1.77-16.5). 	 RESULTS
Eight children had to undergo emergency reoperation because of bleeding, all of whom had received dexamethasone. 	 RESULTS
The trial was stopped early for safety reasons. 	 RESULTS
In this study of children undergoing tonsillectomy, dexamethasone decreased the risk of PONV dose dependently but was associated with an increased risk of postoperative bleeding. 	 CONCLUSION
clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00403806. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
There is a fivefold increase in the frequency of intracranial aneurysm (IA) in adults with coarctation of the aorta (CoA). 	 AIMS
Current guidelines for management of adults with CoA recommend computed tomography angiography (CTA) or magnetic resonance imaging of the intracranial vessels. 	 AIMS
However, this recommendation has not been universally accepted. 	 AIMS
The purpose of our study was to prospectively perform CTA of the intracranial vessels in adults with CoA to evaluate the prevalence and identify high-risk features of this complication. 	 AIMS
From January 2008 to February 2011, adults ≥18 years of age with CoA were prospectively enrolled in a screening program with CTA of the intracranial vessels. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Analyses of prognostic variables were performed with both Fisher's exact and two sample t-test. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Forty-three patients (58% female, 33.55 ± 10.21 years) with CoA completed CTA of the intracranial vessels. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Five patients (11%) were found to have IA. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Patients with IA were older than those without (45.6 ± 8.17 vs. 30.89 ± 7.89, P = 0.0003). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
There were no statistically significant differences detected between measurements of fasting lipid profiles, C-reactive protein, brain natriuretic peptide, and homocysteine levels among CoA patients with and without IA (P = not significant). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Prospective screening of adults with CoA confirmed the increased prevalence of IA but also identified increased age as the sole risk factor. 	 CONCLUSION
These data suggested that screening is justified particularly in the fourth and fifth decades of life. 	 CONCLUSION
Further studies are required that focus on the development, natural history, and treatment of IA. 	 CONCLUSION
We investigated whether measurement of serum levels of the microRNAs (miRNAs) miR-16, miR-195, and miR-199a, alone or in combination with conventional serum markers, can help to differentiate hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) from chronic liver diseases (CLDs). 	 GOALS
Recent reports suggest a link between aberrant expression of miRNA, and HCC. 	 BACKGROUND
This retrospective analysis was conducted using sera from 105 HCC patients, 107 CLD patients, and 71 normal control subjects. 	 STUDY
The miRNAs were measured using real-time reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction. 	 STUDY
The conventional HCC markers α-fetoprotein (AFP), lens culinaris agglutinin-reactive AFP (AFP-L3%), and des-γ-carboxyprothrombin (DCP) were measured with commercial kits. 	 STUDY
Serum levels of miR-16 and miR-199a were significantly lower in HCC than in CLD patients or control subjects (P<0.01). 	 RESULTS
As a single marker, miR-16 had the highest sensitivity for HCC, followed by miR-199a, AFP, DCP, AFP-L3%, and miR-195. 	 RESULTS
The combination of miR-16, AFP, AFP-L3%, and DCP yielded the optimal combination of sensitivity (92.4%) and specificity (78.5%) for HCC, overall and when analysis was restricted to patients with tumors size smaller than 3 cm. 	 RESULTS
As a second-line HCC marker, miR-16 yielded positive HCC predictions in 18 of the 26 (69.2%) HCC patients with negative results on all 3 conventional markers, most of whom had tumors size smaller than 3 cm; miR-16 was falsely positive in only 12 of 96 (12.5%) CLD patients. 	 RESULTS
The addition of miR-16 to conventional serum markers improved sensitivity and specificity for HCC. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Use of miR-16 for second-line testing in cases considered negative on the basis of conventional HCC markers should be explored in larger, prospective studies. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Prostate development and maintenance in the adult results from an interaction of stromal and glandular components. 	 BACKGROUND
Androgens can drive this process by direct action on the stroma. 	 BACKGROUND
We investigated whether there was a direct link between androgens and another key regulator of stromal cells, intracellular Ca2+ ([Ca2+ ]i ). 	 BACKGROUND
Prostate stromal cells were freshly obtained and cultures derived from patients with benign prostatic hyperplasia. 	 METHODS
Gene expression in dihydrotestosterone treated and untreated cells was compared using Affymetrix gene expression arrays and Ca2+ regulated features were identified by Gene Ontology (GO). 	 METHODS
Changes in [Ca2+]i were determined in Fluo-4 loaded cells. 	 METHODS
Androgen regulation was confirmed by chromatin immunoprecipitaion. 	 METHODS
Stromal cell cultures were sorted for expression of integrin α1 β1 , which enriched for cells expressing the androgen receptor (AR). 	 RESULTS
We identified key functional categories, within the androgen-induced gene expression signature, focusing on genes involved in calcium signaling. 	 RESULTS
From this analysis, stromal interaction molecule-1 (STIM1) was identified as a significantly differentially expressed gene with four relevant associated GO terms. 	 RESULTS
sequence analysis showed that the promoter region of STIM1 contained putative androgen response element sequences in which AR binding ability of STIM1 was confirmed. 	 DNA
Androgens directly regulated STIM1 expression and STIM1 effects on store-operated calcium entry were inhibited by STIM1 knock-down. 	 DNA
Reduced STIM1 expression in prostate stromal cells led to a reduction in basal Ca2+ levels, the amount of Ca2+ released by thapsigargin and a reduction in store filling following TG-induced store depletion. 	 DNA
These results indicate that androgens modulate [Ca2+]i through the direct regulation of the STIM1 gene by AR binding to the STIM1 promoter. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Emerging evidence suggests an association between female prenatal experience and her subsequent risk of developing breast cancer. 	 BACKGROUND
Potential underlying mechanisms include variation in amounts of maternal endogenous sex hormones and growth hormones, germ-cell mutations, formation of cancer stem-cells, and other genetic or epigenetic events. 	 BACKGROUND
We reviewed and summarised quantitatively the available data on intrauterine exposures and risk of breast cancer. 	 BACKGROUND
We systematically searched for studies that assessed association between perinatal factors and risk of breast cancer. 	 METHODS
We reviewed separately each of the perinatal factors, including birthweight, birth length, parental age at delivery, gestational age, intrauterine exposure to diethylstilbestrol, twin membership, maternal pre-eclampsia or eclampsia, and other factors. 	 METHODS
We identified 57 studies published between Oct 1, 1980, and June 21, 2007. 	 FINDINGS
Increased risk of breast cancer was noted with increased birthweight (relative risk [RR] 1.15 [95% CI 1.09-1.21]), birth length (1.28 [1.11-1.48]), higher maternal age (1.13 [1.02-1.25]), and paternal age (1.12 [1.05-1.19]). 	 FINDINGS
Decreased risk of breast cancer was noted for maternal pre-eclampsia and eclampsia (0.48 [0.30-0.78]) and twin membership (0.93 [0.87-1.00]). 	 FINDINGS
No association was noted between risk of breast cancer and gestational age at birth (0.95 [0.71-1.26]) or maternal diethylstilbestrol treatment (1.40 [0.86-2.28]). 	 FINDINGS
The intrauterine environment contributes to the predisposition of women to breast cancer in adulthood. 	 INTERPRETATION
The in-utero mechanisms responsible for such predisposition need to be elucidated. 	 INTERPRETATION
To identify the spatial and temporal clusters of Barmah Forest virus (BFV) disease in Queensland in Australia, using geographical information systems and spatial scan statistic (SaTScan). 	 OBJECTIVE
We obtained BFV disease cases, population and statistical local areas (SLAs) boundary data from Queensland Health and Australian Bureau of Statistics, respectively, during 1992-2008 for Queensland. 	 METHODS
A retrospective Poisson-based analysis using SaTScan software and method was conducted to identify both purely spatial and space-time BFV disease high-rate clusters. 	 METHODS
A spatial cluster size of a proportion of the population and a 200 km radius and varying time windows from 1 to 12 months were chosen (for the space-time analysis). 	 METHODS
The spatial scan statistic detected a most likely significant purely spatial cluster (including 23 SLAs) and a most likely significant space-time cluster (including 24 SLAs) in approximately the same location. 	 RESULTS
Significant secondary clusters were also identified from both the analyses in several locations. 	 RESULTS
This study provides evidence of the existence of statistically significant BFV disease clusters in Queensland, Australia. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The study also demonstrated the relevance and applicability of SaTScan in analysing ongoing surveillance data to identify clusters to facilitate the development of effective BFV disease prevention and control strategies in Queensland, Australia. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Although obstructive sleep apnea is associated with physiological perturbations that increase risk of hypertension and are proatherogenic, it is uncertain whether sleep apnea is associated with increased stroke risk in the general population. 	 RATIONALE
To quantify the incidence of ischemic stroke with sleep apnea in a community-based sample of men and women across a wide range of sleep apnea. 	 OBJECTIVES
Baseline polysomnography was performed between 1995 and 1998 in a longitudinal cohort study. 	 METHODS
The primary exposure was the obstructive apnea-hypopnea index (OAHI) and outcome was incident ischemic stroke. 	 METHODS
A total of 5,422 participants without a history of stroke at the baseline examination and untreated for sleep apnea were followed for a median of 8.7 years. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
One hundred ninety-three ischemic strokes were observed. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
In covariate-adjusted Cox proportional hazard models, a significant positive association between ischemic stroke and OAHI was observed in men (P value for linear trend: P = 0.016). 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
Men in the highest OAHI quartile (>19) had an adjusted hazard ratio of 2.86 (95% confidence interval, 1.1-7.4). 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
In the mild to moderate range (OAHI, 5-25), each one-unit increase in OAHI in men was estimated to increase stroke risk by 6% (95% confidence interval, 2-10%). 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
In women, stroke was not significantly associated with OAHI quartiles, but increased risk was observed at an OAHI greater than 25. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
The strong adjusted association between ischemic stroke and OAHI in community-dwelling men with mild to moderate sleep apnea suggests that this is an appropriate target for future stroke prevention trials. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Peristomal pyoderma gangrenosum (PPG), an unusual variant of pyoderma gangrenosum, has been reported almost exclusively in patients with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) and is frequently misdiagnosed. 	 CONTEXT
To better characterize the clinical manifestations, diagnosis, and management of PPG. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PATIENTS Retrospective analysis of 7 patients with PPG observed in a university-affiliated community setting between 1988 and December 1999. 	 OBJECTIVE
Clinical and histopathologic features, associated disorders, and microbiologic findings. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Two patients had Crohn disease, 2 had ulcerative colitis, and 3 had abdominal cancer. 	 RESULTS
Five patients had at least 1 relapse of PPG after initial healing. 	 RESULTS
Although 3 of 4 patients with IBD had active bowel disease, a parallel course with PPG occurred in only 1 patient. 	 RESULTS
Both patients whose stoma was relocated developed an ulcer at the new site. 	 RESULTS
Effective therapies included topical superpotent corticosteroids; intralesional injection of triamcinolone acetonide at the ulcer margin; topical cromolyn sodium; oral dapsone, prednisone, cyclosporine, mycophenolate mofetil; and intravenous infliximab. 	 RESULTS
Our experiences demonstrate that although PPG has been most often reported in patients with IBD, it may occur in the absence of IBD. 	 CONCLUSION
Biopsy of the skin lesion is not diagnostic but excludes other causes. 	 CONCLUSION
Relocation of the stoma may be associated with a new ulceration and should be avoided. 	 CONCLUSION
Trauma to the skin of a predisposed patient may elicit the pustules or ulcerations associated with pathergy. 	 CONCLUSION
JAMA. 	 CONCLUSION
2000;284:1546-1548. 	 CONCLUSION
The ketogenic diet has been widely and successfully used to treat children with drug-resistant epilepsy since the 1920s. 	 BACKGROUND
The aim of this study was to test the efficacy of the ketogenic diet in a randomised controlled trial. 	 BACKGROUND
145 children aged between 2 and 16 years who had at least daily seizures (or more than seven seizures per week), had failed to respond to at least two antiepileptic drugs, and had not been treated previously with the ketogenic diet participated in a randomised controlled trial of its efficacy to control seizures. 	 METHODS
Enrolment for the trial ran between December, 2001, and July, 2006. 	 METHODS
Children were seen at one of two hospital centres or a residential centre for young people with epilepsy. 	 METHODS
Children were randomly assigned to receive a ketogenic diet, either immediately or after a 3-month delay, with no other changes to treatment (control group). 	 METHODS
Neither the family nor investigators were blinded to the group assignment. 	 METHODS
Early withdrawals were recorded, and seizure frequency on the diet was assessed after 3 months and compared with that of the controls. 	 METHODS
The primary endpoint was a reduction in seizures; analysis was intention to treat. 	 METHODS
Tolerability of the diet was assessed by questionnaire at 3 months. 	 METHODS
The trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00564915. 	 METHODS
73 children were assigned to the ketogenic diet and 72 children to the control group. 	 FINDINGS
Data from 103 children were available for analysis: 54 on the ketogenic diet and 49 controls. 	 FINDINGS
Of those who did not complete the trial, 16 children did not receive their intervention, 16 did not provide adequate data, and ten withdrew from the treatment before the 3-month review, six because of intolerance. 	 FINDINGS
After 3 months, the mean percentage of baseline seizures was significantly lower in the diet group than in the controls (62.0%vs 136.9%, 75% decrease, 95% CI 42.4-107.4%; p<0.0001). 	 FINDINGS
28 children (38%) in the diet group had greater than 50% seizure reduction compared with four (6%) controls (p<0.0001), and five children (7%) in the diet group had greater than 90% seizure reduction compared with no controls (p=0.0582). 	 FINDINGS
There was no significant difference in the efficacy of the treatment between symptomatic generalised or symptomatic focal syndromes. 	 FINDINGS
The most frequent side-effects reported at 3-month review were constipation, vomiting, lack of energy, and hunger. 	 FINDINGS
The results from this trial of the ketogenic diet support its use in children with treatment-intractable epilepsy. 	 INTERPRETATION
Charitable Trust; Smiths Charity; Scientific Hospital Supplies; Milk Development Council. 	 FUNDING HSA
patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) have high platelet reactivity and are at increased risk of ischaemic events and bleeding post-acute coronary syndromes (ACS). 	 AIMS
In the PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes (PLATO) trial, ticagrelor reduced the primary composite endpoint of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke, but with similar rates of major bleeding compared with clopidogrel. 	 AIMS
We aimed to investigate the outcome with ticagrelor vs. clopidogrel in patients with DM or poor glycaemic control. 	 AIMS
we analysed patients with pre-existing DM (n = 4662), including 1036 patients on insulin, those without DM (n = 13 951), and subgroups based on admission levels of haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c; n = 15 150). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
In patients with DM, the reduction in the primary composite endpoint (HR: 0.88, 95% CI: 0.76-1.03), all-cause mortality (HR: 0.82, 95% CI: 0.66-1.01), and stent thrombosis (HR: 0.65, 95% CI: 0.36-1.17) with no increase in major bleeding (HR: 0.95, 95% CI: 0.81-1.12) with ticagrelor was consistent with the overall cohort and without significant diabetes status-by-treatment interactions. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
There was no heterogeneity between patients with or without ongoing insulin treatment. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
ticagrelor reduced the primary endpoint, all-cause mortality, and stent thrombosis in patients with HbA1c above the median (HR: 0.80, 95% CI: 0.70-0.91; HR: 0.78, 95% CI: 0.65-0.93; and HR: 0.62, 95% CI: 0.39-1.00, respectively) with similar bleeding rates (HR: 0.98, 95% CI: 0.86-1.12). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
ticagrelor, when compared with clopidogrel, reduced ischaemic events in ACS patients irrespective of diabetic status and glycaemic control, without an increase in major bleeding events. 	 CONCLUSION
Migraine, particularly with aura, is a risk factor for early-onset ischemic stroke. 	 BACKGROUND
The underlying mechanisms are unknown, but may in part be due to migraineurs having an increased risk profile for cardiovascular disease. 	 BACKGROUND
In this study, the authors compare the cardiovascular risk profile of adult migraineurs to that of nonmigraineurs. 	 BACKGROUND
Participants (n = 5,755, 48% men, age 20 to 65 years) are from the Genetic Epidemiology of Migraine (GEM) study, a population-based study in the Netherlands. 	 METHODS
A total of 620 current migraineurs were identified: 31% with aura (MA), 64% without aura (MO), and 5% unclassified. 	 METHODS
Controls were 5,135 individuals without lifetime migraine. 	 METHODS
Measured cardiovascular risk factors included blood pressure (BP), serum total and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TC, HDL), smoking, oral contraceptive use, and the Framingham risk score for myocardial infarction or coronary heart disease (CHD) death. 	 METHODS
Compared to controls, migraineurs were more likely to smoke (OR = 1.43 [1.1 to 1.8]), less likely to consume alcohol (OR = 0.58 [0.5 to 0.7]), and more likely to report a parental history of early myocardial infarction. 	 RESULTS
Migraineurs with aura were more likely to have an unfavorable cholesterol profile (TC > or = 240 mg/dL [OR = 1.43 (0.97 to 2.1)], TC:HDL ratio > 5.0 [OR = 1.64 (1.1 to 2.4)]), have elevated BP (systolic BP > 140 mm Hg or diastolic BP > 90 mm Hg [OR = 1.76 (1.04 to 3.0)]), and report a history of early onset CHD or stroke (OR = 3.96 [1.1 to 14.3]); female migraineurs with aura were more likely to be using oral contraceptives (OR = 2.06 [1.05 to 4.0]). 	 RESULTS
The odds of having an elevated Framingham risk score for CHD were approximately doubled for the migraineurs with aura. 	 RESULTS
Migraineurs, particularly with aura, have a higher cardiovascular risk profile than individuals without migraine. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The face is the central point of the physical features; it transmits expressions and emotions, communicates feelings and allows for individual identity. 	 INTRODUCTION
Facial burns are very common and are devastating to the affected patient and results into numerous physical, emotional and psychosocial sequels. 	 INTRODUCTION
Partial thickness facial burns are very common especially among children. 	 INTRODUCTION
This study compares the effect of standard moist open technique management and a moist closed technique for partial thickness burns of the face. 	 INTRODUCTION
Patients with partial-thickness facial burns admitted in the burn unit, Ain Shams University, Cairo, Egypt in the period from April 2009 to December 2009 were included in this study. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
They were divided into two groups to receive either open treatment with MEBO(®) (n=20) or coverage with Aquacel(®) Ag (n=20). 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Demographics (age, gender, ethnicity, TBSA, burn areas), length of hospital stay (LOS), rate of infections, time to total healing, frequency of dressing changes, pain, cost benefit and patient discomfort were compared between the two groups. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
The long-term outcome (incidence of hypertrophic scarring) was assessed for up to 6 months follow-up period. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
There were no significant differences in demographics between the two groups. 	 RESULTS
In the group treated with the Aquacel(®) Ag, the mean time for re-epithelialization was 10.5 days, while it was 12.4 days in the MEBO(®) group (p<0.05). 	 RESULTS
Frequency of changes, pain and patient discomfort were less with Aquacel(®) Ag. 	 RESULTS
Cost was of no significant difference between the two groups. 	 RESULTS
Scar quality improved in the Aquacel(®) Ag treatment group. 	 RESULTS
Three and 6 months follow-up was done and long-term outcomes were recorded in both groups. 	 RESULTS
Moist occlusive dressing (Aquacel(®) Ag) significantly improves the management and healing rate of partial thickness facial burns with better long-term outcome compared to moist open dressing (MEBO(®)). 	 CONCLUSION
Previous studies have relied predominantly on the body-mass index (BMI, the weight in kilograms divided by the square of the height in meters) to assess the association of adiposity with the risk of death, but few have examined whether the distribution of body fat contributes to the prediction of death. 	 BACKGROUND
We examined the association of BMI, waist circumference, and waist-to-hip ratio with the risk of death among 359,387 participants from nine countries in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC). 	 METHODS
We used a Cox regression analysis, with age as the time variable, and stratified the models according to study center and age at recruitment, with further adjustment for educational level, smoking status, alcohol consumption, physical activity, and height. 	 METHODS
During a mean follow-up of 9.7 years, 14,723 participants died. 	 RESULTS
The lowest risks of death related to BMI were observed at a BMI of 25.3 for men and 24.3 for women. 	 RESULTS
After adjustment for BMI, waist circumference and waist-to-hip ratio were strongly associated with the risk of death. 	 RESULTS
Relative risks among men and women in the highest quintile of waist circumference were 2.05 (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.80 to 2.33) and 1.78 (95% CI, 1.56 to 2.04), respectively, and in the highest quintile of waist-to-hip ratio, the relative risks were 1.68 (95% CI, 1.53 to 1.84) and 1.51 (95% CI, 1.37 to 1.66), respectively. 	 RESULTS
remained significantly associated with the risk of death in models that included waist circumference or waist-to-hip ratio (P<0.001). 	 BMI
These data suggest that both general adiposity and abdominal adiposity are associated with the risk of death and support the use of waist circumference or waist-to-hip ratio in addition to BMI in assessing the risk of death. 	 CONCLUSIONS
We sought to determine which ICD-9-CM codes in Medicare Part A data identify cardiovascular and stroke risk factors. 	 OBJECTIVES
This was a cross-sectional study comparing ICD-9-CM data to structured medical record review from 23,657 Medicare beneficiaries aged 20 to 105 years who had atrial fibrillation. 	 DESIGN AND PARTICIPANTS
Quality improvement organizations used standardized abstraction instruments to determine the presence of 9 cardiovascular and stroke risk factors. 	 MEASUREMENTS
Using the chart abstractions as the gold standard, we assessed the accuracy of ICD-9-CM codes to identify these risk factors. 	 MEASUREMENTS
ICD-9-CM codes for all risk factors had high specificity (>0.95) and low sensitivity (< or =0.76). 	 MAIN RESULTS
The positive predictive values were greater than 0.95 for 5 common, chronic risk factors-coronary artery disease, stroke/transient ischemic attack, heart failure, diabetes, and hypertension. 	 MAIN RESULTS
The sixth common risk factor, valvular heart disease, had a positive predictive value of 0.93. 	 MAIN RESULTS
For all 6 common risk factors, negative predictive values ranged from 0.52 to 0.91. 	 MAIN RESULTS
The rare risk factors-arterial peripheral embolus, intracranial hemorrhage, and deep venous thrombosis-had high negative predictive value (> or =0.98) but moderate positive predictive values (range, 0.54-0.77) in this population. 	 MAIN RESULTS
Using ICD-9-CM codes alone, heart failure, coronary artery disease, diabetes, hypertension, and stroke can be ruled in but not necessarily ruled out. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Where feasible, review of additional data (eg, physician notes or imaging studies) should be used to confirm the diagnosis of valvular disease, arterial peripheral embolus, intracranial hemorrhage, and deep venous thrombosis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Calcific aortic valve disease (CAVD) is the most common heart valve disease in the Western world. 	 BACKGROUND
We previously proposed that valvular endothelial cells (VECs) replenish injured adult valve leaflets via endothelial-to-mesenchymal transformation (EndMT); however, whether EndMT contributes to valvular calcification is unknown. 	 BACKGROUND
We hypothesized that aortic VECs undergo osteogenic differentiation via an EndMT process that can be inhibited by valvular interstitial cells (VICs). 	 BACKGROUND
clones underwent TGF-β1-mediated EndMT, shown by significantly increased mRNA expression of the EndMT markers α-SMA (5.3 ± 1.2), MMP-2 (13.5 ± 0.6) and Slug (12 ± 2.1) (p < 0.05), (compared to unstimulated controls). 	 APPROACH AND RESULTS VEC
To study the effects of VIC on VEC EndMT, clonal populations of VICs were derived from the same valve leaflets, placed in co-culture with VECs, and grown in control/TGF-β1 supplemented media. 	 APPROACH AND RESULTS VEC
In the presence of VICs, EndMT was inhibited, shown by decreased mRNA expression of α-SMA (0.1 ± 0.5), MMP-2 (0.1 ± 0.1), and Slug (0.2 ± 0.2) (p < 0.05). 	 APPROACH AND RESULTS VEC
When cultured in osteogenic media, VECs demonstrated osteogenic changes confirmed by increase in mRNA expression of osteocalcin (8.6 ± 1.3), osteopontin (3.7 ± 0.3), and Runx2 (5.5 ± 1.5). 	 APPROACH AND RESULTS VEC
The VIC presence inhibited VEC osteogenesis, demonstrated by decreased expression of osteocalcin (0.4 ± 0.1) and osteopontin (0.2 ± 0.1) (p < 0.05). 	 APPROACH AND RESULTS VEC
Time course analysis suggested that EndMT precedes osteogenesis, shown by an initial increase of α-SMA and MMP-2 (day 7), followed by an increase of osteopontin and osteocalcin (day 14). 	 APPROACH AND RESULTS VEC
The data indicate that EndMT may precede VEC osteogenesis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This study shows that VICs inhibit VEC EndMT and osteogenesis, indicating the importance of VEC-VIC interactions in valve homeostasis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The pathophysiological mechanism of hyperhomocysteinemia in chronic renal failure in humans is unknown. 	 BACKGROUND
The loss of a putative renal homocysteine extraction in chronic renal failure has been hypothesized as significant homocysteine uptake has been demonstrated in the normal rat kidney. 	 BACKGROUND
We studied homocysteine extraction in the normal human kidney. 	 BACKGROUND
We measured plasma total (free and protein-bound) and free homocysteine (tHcy and fHcy, respectively) in arterial and renal venous blood sampled from the aorta and right-side renal vein during cardiac catheterization in 20 fasting patients with normal renal function. 	 METHODS
Renal homocysteine extraction was calculated as the arteriovenous difference divided by the arterial levels times 100%. 	 METHODS
No significant renal extraction was demonstrated either for tHcy: 0.9% (SD 5.8; 95% CI -1.8 to +3.6) or for fHcy: -0.2% (11.0; -5.4 to +4.9). 	 RESULTS
We conclude that no significant net renal uptake of homocysteine occurs in fasting humans with normal renal function. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The loss of such uptake, therefore, cannot cause hyperhomocysteinemia in patients with renal failure. 	 CONCLUSIONS
With increasing restrictions placed on physician-industry interactions, industry marketing may target other health professionals. 	 BACKGROUND
Recent health policy developments confer even greater importance on the decision making of non-physician clinicians. 	 BACKGROUND
The purpose of this systematic review is to examine the types and implications of non-physician clinician-industry interactions in clinical practice. 	 BACKGROUND
We searched MEDLINE and Web of Science from January 1, 1946, through June 24, 2013, according to PRISMA guidelines. 	 METHODS AND FINDINGS
Non-physician clinicians eligible for inclusion were: Registered Nurses, nurse prescribers, Physician Assistants, pharmacists, dieticians, and physical or occupational therapists; trainee samples were excluded. 	 METHODS AND FINDINGS
Fifteen studies met inclusion criteria. 	 METHODS AND FINDINGS
Data were synthesized qualitatively into eight outcome domains: nature and frequency of industry interactions; attitudes toward industry; perceived ethical acceptability of interactions; perceived marketing influence; perceived reliability of industry information; preparation for industry interactions; reactions to industry relations policy; and management of industry interactions. 	 METHODS AND FINDINGS
Non-physician clinicians reported interacting with the pharmaceutical and infant formula industries. 	 METHODS AND FINDINGS
Clinicians across disciplines met with pharmaceutical representatives regularly and relied on them for practice information. 	 METHODS AND FINDINGS
Clinicians frequently received industry "information," attended sponsored "education," and acted as distributors for similar materials targeted at patients. 	 METHODS AND FINDINGS
Clinicians generally regarded this as an ethical use of industry resources, and felt they could detect "promotion" while benefiting from industry "information. 	 METHODS AND FINDINGS
" 	 METHODS AND FINDINGS
Free samples were among the most approved and common ways that clinicians interacted with industry. 	 METHODS AND FINDINGS
Included studies were observational and of varying methodological rigor; thus, these findings may not be generalizable. 	 METHODS AND FINDINGS
This review is, however, the first to our knowledge to provide a descriptive analysis of this literature. 	 METHODS AND FINDINGS
Non-physician clinicians' generally positive attitudes toward industry interactions, despite their recognition of issues related to bias, suggest that industry interactions are normalized in clinical practice across non-physician disciplines. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Industry relations policy should address all disciplines and be implemented consistently in order to mitigate conflicts of interest and address such interactions' potential to affect patient care. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Please see later in the article for the Editors' Summary. 	 CONCLUSIONS
A number of countries have implemented a policy of universal leukoreduction of their blood supply, but the potential role of leukoreduction in decreasing postoperative mortality and infection is unclear. 	 CONTEXT
To evaluate clinical outcomes following adoption of a national universal prestorage leukoreduction program for blood transfusions. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND POPULATION Retrospective before-and-after cohort study conducted from August 1998 to August 2000 in 23 academic and community hospitals throughout Canada, enrolling 14 786 patients who received red blood cell transfusions following cardiac surgery or repair of hip fracture, or who required intensive care following a surgical intervention or multiple trauma. 	 OBJECTIVE
Universal prestorage leukoreduction program introduced by 2 Canadian blood agencies. 	 INTERVENTION
A total of 6982 patients were enrolled during the control period and 7804 patients were enrolled following prestorage leukoreduction. 	 INTERVENTION
All-cause in-hospital mortality and serious nosocomial infections (pneumonia, bacteremia, septic shock, all surgical site infections) occurring after first transfusion and at least 2 days after index procedure or intensive care unit admission. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Secondary outcomes included rates of posttransfusion fever and antibiotic use. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Unadjusted in-hospital mortality rates were significantly lower following the introduction of leukoreduction compared with the control period (6.19% vs 7.03%, respectively; P =.04). 	 RESULTS
Compared with the control period, the adjusted odds of death following leukoreduction were reduced (odds ratio [OR], 0.87; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.75-0.99), but serious nosocomial infections did not decrease (adjusted OR, 0.97; 95% CI, 0.87-1.09). 	 RESULTS
The frequency of posttransfusion fevers decreased significantly following leukoreduction (adjusted OR, 0.86; 95% CI, 0.79-0.94), as did antibiotic use (adjusted OR, 0.90; 95% CI, 0.82-0.99). 	 RESULTS
A national universal leukoreduction program is potentially associated with decreased mortality as well as decreased fever episodes and antibiotic use after red blood cell transfusion in high-risk patients. 	 CONCLUSION
The aim of this study was to investigate the possible microstructural abnormalities of the corpus callosum (CC) in adult patients with migraine without aura complicated with depressive/anxious disorder. 	 OBJECTIVE
Emotional disorders, especially depression and anxiety, are with relatively higher incidence in migraine population. 	 BACKGROUND
However, the mechanism of migraine complicated with depressive/anxious disorder remains unclear. 	 BACKGROUND
Diffusion tensor magnetic resonance imaging was carried out in 12 adult patients with simple migraine (without aura and without depressive/anxious disorder) (S-M group), 12 adult patients with complicated migraine (without aura but complicated with depressive/anxious disorder) (Co-M group), and 12 age- and sex-matched healthy subjects (Control group). 	 METHODS
Fractional anisotropy (FA) and apparent diffusion coefficient were measured at genu, body, and splenium of the CC, respectively. 	 METHODS
There were significant differences in FA values at all locations of the CC among the 3 groups. 	 RESULTS
The FA values from both the SM and Co-M groups were significantly lower than the control (P < .05 and P < .01, respectively). 	 RESULTS
The FA values from Co-M group were significantly lower than the SM group (P < .01). 	 RESULTS
The apparent diffusion coefficient values of the above regions had no significant differences among these groups (P > .05). 	 RESULTS
There were negative correlations between FA value of genu of the CC and disease course as well as FA value of genu and body of the CC and headache frequency (P < .05). 	 RESULTS
Negative correlations were also found between FA values at all locations of the CC and Hamilton anxiety and Hamilton depression scores (both P < .05). 	 RESULTS
There might be an integrity change of neurofibrotic microstructures existing as a possible neuroanatomical basis in the CC of migraine patients complicated with depressive/anxious disorder. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Patients with metabolic syndrome are at increased risk for cardiovascular complications. 	 BACKGROUND
We sought to determine whether peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma agonists had any beneficial effect on patients with metabolic syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). 	 BACKGROUND
A total of 200 patients with metabolic syndrome undergoing PCI were randomized to rosiglitazone or placebo and followed for 1 year. 	 METHODS
Carotid intima-medial thickness (CIMT), inflammatory markers, lipid levels, brain natriuretic peptide, and clinical events were measured at baseline, 6 months, and 12 months. 	 METHODS
There was no significant difference in CIMT between the 2 groups. 	 RESULTS
There was no difference in the 12-month composite end point of death, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, or any recurrent ischemia (31.4% vs 30.2%, P = .99). 	 RESULTS
The rate of death, MI, or stroke at 12 months was numerically lower in the rosiglitazone group (11.9% vs 6.4%, P = .19). 	 RESULTS
There was a trend toward a greater decrease over time in high-sensitivity C-reactive protein values compared with baseline in the group randomized to rosiglitazone versus placebo both at 6 months (-35.4% vs -15.8%, P = .059) and 12 months (-40.0% vs -20.9%, P = .089) and higher change in high-density lipoprotein (+15.5% vs +4.1%, P = .05) and lower triglycerides (-13.9% vs +14.9%, P = .004) in the rosiglitazone arm. 	 RESULTS
There was a trend toward less new onset diabetes in the rosiglitazone group (0% vs 3.3%, P = .081) and no episodes of symptomatic hypoglycemia. 	 RESULTS
There was no excess of new onset of clinical heart failure in the rosiglitazone group, nor was there a significant change in brain natriuretic peptide levels. 	 RESULTS
Patients with metabolic syndrome presenting for PCI are at increased risk for subsequent cardiovascular events. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Rosiglitazone for 12 months did not appear to affect CIMT in this population, although it did have beneficial effects on high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, high-density lipoprotein, and triglycerides. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Further study of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor agonism in patients with metabolic syndrome undergoing PCI may be warranted. 	 CONCLUSIONS
No randomized controlled studies have been conducted to date on the effectiveness of psychological interventions for children with symptoms of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) that has resulted from personally witnessing or being personally exposed to violence. 	 CONTEXT
To evaluate the effectiveness of a collaboratively designed school-based intervention for reducing children's symptoms of PTSD and depression that has resulted from exposure to violence. 	 OBJECTIVE
A randomized controlled trial conducted during the 2001-2002 academic year. 	 DESIGN
Sixth-grade students at 2 large middle schools in Los Angeles who reported exposure to violence and had clinical levels of symptoms of PTSD. 	 SETTING AND PARTICIPANTS
Students were randomly assigned to a 10-session standardized cognitive-behavioral therapy (the Cognitive-Behavioral Intervention for Trauma in Schools) early intervention group (n = 61) or to a wait-list delayed intervention comparison group (n = 65) conducted by trained school mental health clinicians. 	 INTERVENTION
Students were assessed before the intervention and 3 months after the intervention on measures assessing child-reported symptoms of PTSD (Child PTSD Symptom Scale; range, 0-51 points) and depression (Child Depression Inventory; range, 0-52 points), parent-reported psychosocial dysfunction (Pediatric Symptom Checklist; range, 0-70 points), and teacher-reported classroom problems using the Teacher-Child Rating Scale (acting out, shyness/anxiousness, and learning problems; range of subscales, 6-30 points). 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Compared with the wait-list delayed intervention group (no intervention), after 3 months of intervention students who were randomly assigned to the early intervention group had significantly lower scores on symptoms of PTSD (8.9 vs 15.5, adjusted mean difference, - 7.0; 95% confidence interval [CI], - 10.8 to - 3.2), depression (9.4 vs 12.7, adjusted mean difference, - 3.4; 95% CI, - 6.5 to - 0.4), and psychosocial dysfunction (12.5 vs 16.5, adjusted mean difference, - 6.4; 95% CI, -10.4 to -2.3). 	 RESULTS
Adjusted mean differences between the 2 groups at 3 months did not show significant differences for teacher-reported classroom problems in acting out (-1.0; 95% CI, -2.5 to 0.5), shyness/anxiousness (0.1; 95% CI, -1.5 to 1.7), and learning (-1.1, 95% CI, -2.9 to 0.8). 	 RESULTS
At 6 months, after both groups had received the intervention, the differences between the 2 groups were not significantly different for symptoms of PTSD and depression; showed similar ratings for psychosocial function; and teachers did not report significant differences in classroom behaviors. 	 RESULTS
A standardized 10-session cognitive-behavioral group intervention can significantly decrease symptoms of PTSD and depression in students who are exposed to violence and can be effectively delivered on school campuses by trained school-based mental health clinicians. 	 CONCLUSION
Although South Asians are at higher risk for coronary heart disease (CHD) than most other U.S. racial/ethnic groups, very little research has addressed this disparity. 	 BACKGROUND
As a first step in developing culturally targeted CHD prevention messages for this rapidly growing community, this study examined South Asians' knowledge and beliefs about CHD. 	 PURPOSE
Analyses, conducted in 2009, were based on data collected from January to July 2008 in a cross-sectional study population of 270 South Asian adults in Illinois. 	 METHODS
Interviews were conducted in English, Hindi, or Urdu using a standardized questionnaire. 	 METHODS
Multivariate regression models were used to examine the associations between sociodemographics and CHD knowledge and attitudes about preventability. 	 METHODS
Eighty-one percent of respondents had one or more CHD risk factors. 	 RESULTS
Most participants (89%) said they knew little or nothing about CHD. 	 RESULTS
Stress was the most frequently mentioned risk factor (44%). 	 RESULTS
Few mentioned controlling blood pressure (11%); cholesterol (10%); and diabetes (5%) for prevention. 	 RESULTS
Fifty-three percent said that heart attacks are not preventable. 	 RESULTS
Low education level, being interviewed in Urdu or Hindi, and low level of acculturation were associated with less knowledge and believing that CHD is not preventable. 	 RESULTS
A majority of South Asians in this study believed that CHD is not preventable and had low awareness of modifiable risk factors. 	 CONCLUSIONS
As a first step, CHD education should target the knowledge gaps that may affect risk factor control and behavior change. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Educational messages may need to be somewhat different for subgroups (e.g., by education and language) to be maximally effective. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To investigate the clinical significance of Bmi-1 expression as a prognostic marker for cervical cancer. 	 OBJECTIVE
Design. 	 OBJECTIVE
Retrospectively collected data from a population-based cohort. 	 OBJECTIVE
Jiangsu Province Hospital. 	 SETTING
Population. 	 SETTING
Eighty-eight women diagnosed with cervical carcinoma between 2000 and 2003. 	 SETTING
RT-PCR assay was performed to determine Bmi-1 mRNA expression in 18 cervical cancer and noncancerous tissue samples and immunohistochemistry to detect Bmi-1 protein expression in 88 cervical cancer samples. 	 METHODS
The correlation between Bmi-1 expression and clinicopathological factors was analyzed. 	 METHODS
Additionally, statistical analyses were applied to test for prognostic associations. 	 METHODS
interference was used to downregulate Bmi-1 expression in a cervical cancer cell line (HeLa). 	 RNA
In vitro cytotoxicity was measured by the methylthiazoletetrazolium and colony formation assays. 	 RNA
Effects of Bmi-1 inhibition on in vivo growth of cancer cells was detected by the tumorigenicity assay. 	 RNA
Cell cycle distribution and cell apoptosis were measured by flow cytometry. 	 RNA
The levels of Bmi-1 mRNA and protein expression in tissues were evaluated by RT-PCR and Western Blot assays. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
The level of Bmi-1 mRNA expression in cervical cancer tissues was significantly higher than that in corresponding noncancerous tissues. 	 RESULTS
High Bmi-1 expression was significantly correlated with poor tumor differentiation, advanced International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics stage and positive lymph node metastasis. 	 RESULTS
Patients with high Bmi-1 expression showed shorter overall survival than those with low expression. 	 RESULTS
Univariate and multivariate analyses showed that high Bmi-1 expression was an independent prognostic factor. 	 RESULTS
interference-mediated Bmi-1 inhibition could inhibit in vitro and in vivo growth, enhance apoptosis and induce cell cycle arrest of cervical cancer cells. 	 CONCLUSIONS RNA
Bmi-1 might be an independent prognostic marker for cervical cancer patients. 	 CONCLUSIONS RNA
A recent genome-wide association study identified a haplotype block on chromosome 4q25 associated with atrial fibrillation (AF). 	 AIMS
We sought to replicate this association in four independent cohorts. 	 AIMS
The Framingham Heart Study and Rotterdam Study are community-based longitudinal studies. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The Vanderbilt AF Registry and German AF Network (AFNet) are case-control studies. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Participants with AF (n = 3508) were more likely to be male and were older than referent participants (n = 12 173; Framingham 82 +/- 10 vs. 71 +/- 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
13 years; Rotterdam 73 +/- 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
8 vs. 69 +/- 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
9 years; Vanderbilt 54 +/- 14 vs. 57 +/- 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
14 years; AFNet 62 +/- 12 vs. 49 +/- 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
14 years). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) rs2200733 was associated with AF in all four cohorts, with odds ratios (ORs) ranging from 1.37 in Rotterdam [95% confidence interval (CI) 1.18-1.59; P = 3.1 x 10(-5)] to 2.52 in AFNet (95% CI 2.22-2.8; P = 1.8 x 10(-49)). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
There also was a significant association between AF and rs10033464 in Framingham (OR 1.34; 95% CI 1.03-1.75; P = 0.031) and AFNet (OR 1.30; 95% CI 1.13-1.51; P = 0.0002), but not Vanderbilt (OR 1.16; 95% CI 0.86-1.56; P = 0.33). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
A meta-analysis of the current and prior AF studies revealed an OR of 1.90 (95% CI 1.60-2.26; P = 3.3 x 10(-13)) for rs2200733 and of 1.36 (95% CI 1.26-1.47; P = 6.7 x 10(-15)) for rs10033464. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The non-coding SNPs rs2200733 and rs10033464 are strongly associated with AF in four cohorts of European descent. 	 CONCLUSION
These results confirm the significant relations between AF and intergenic variants on chromosome 4. 	 CONCLUSION
To examine the effect of ethnicity on the relation between tuberculosis and deprivation. 	 OBJECTIVE
Retrospective ecological study comparing incidence of tuberculosis in white and south Asian residents of the 39 electoral wards in Birmingham with ethnic specific indices of deprivation. 	 DESIGN
Birmingham, 1989-93. 	 SETTING
1516 notified cases of tuberculosis. 	 SUBJECTS
Rates of tuberculosis and measures of deprivation. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Univariate analysis showed significant associations of tuberculosis rates for the whole population with several indices of deprivation (P<0.01) and with the proportion of the population of south Asian origin (P<0.01). 	 RESULTS
All deprivation covariates were positively associated with each other but on multiple regression, higher level of overcrowding was independently associated with tuberculosis rates. 	 RESULTS
For the white population, overcrowding was associated with tuberculosis rates independently of other variables (P=0.0036). 	 RESULTS
No relation with deprivation was found for the south Asian population in either single or multivariable analyses. 	 RESULTS
Poverty is significantly associated with tuberculosis in the white population, but no such relation exists for those of Asian ethnicity. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These findings suggest that causal factors, and therefore potential interventions, will also differ by ethnic group. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Healthy dietary patterns are a global priority to reduce non-communicable diseases. 	 BACKGROUND
Yet neither worldwide patterns of diets nor their trends with time are well established. 	 BACKGROUND
We aimed to characterise global changes (or trends) in dietary patterns nationally and regionally and to assess heterogeneity by age, sex, national income, and type of dietary pattern. 	 BACKGROUND
In this systematic assessment, we evaluated global consumption of key dietary items (foods and nutrients) by region, nation, age, and sex in 1990 and 2010. 	 METHODS
Consumption data were evaluated from 325 surveys (71·7% nationally representative) covering 88·7% of the global adult population. 	 METHODS
Two types of dietary pattern were assessed: one reflecting greater consumption of ten healthy dietary items and the other based on lesser consumption of seven unhealthy dietary items. 	 METHODS
The mean intakes of each dietary factor were divided into quintiles, and each quintile was assigned an ordinal score, with higher scores being equivalent to healthier diets (range 0-100). 	 METHODS
The dietary patterns were assessed by hierarchical linear regression including country, age, sex, national income, and time as exploratory variables. 	 METHODS
From 1990 to 2010, diets based on healthy items improved globally (by 2·2 points, 95% uncertainty interval (UI) 0·9 to 3·5), whereas diets based on unhealthy items worsened (-2·5, -3·3 to -1·7). 	 FINDINGS
In 2010, the global mean scores were 44·0 (SD 10·5) for the healthy pattern and 52·1 (18·6) for the unhealthy pattern, with weak intercorrelation (r=-0·08) between countries. 	 FINDINGS
On average, better diets were seen in older adults compared with younger adults, and in women compared with men (p<0·0001 each). 	 FINDINGS
Compared with low-income nations, high-income nations had better diets based on healthy items (+2·5 points, 95% UI 0·3 to 4·1), but substantially poorer diets based on unhealthy items (-33·0, -37·8 to -28·3). 	 FINDINGS
Diets and their trends were very heterogeneous across the world regions. 	 FINDINGS
For example, both types of dietary patterns improved in high-income countries, but worsened in some low-income countries in Africa and Asia. 	 FINDINGS
Middle-income countries showed the largest improvement in dietary patterns based on healthy items, but the largest deterioration in dietary patterns based on unhealthy items. 	 FINDINGS
Consumption of healthy items improved, while consumption of unhealthy items worsened across the world, with heterogeneity across regions and countries. 	 INTERPRETATION
These global data provide the best estimates to date of nutrition transitions across the world and inform policies and priorities for reducing the health and economic burdens of poor diet quality. 	 INTERPRETATION
The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and Medical Research Council. 	 FUNDING
Uncertainties exist about prevalence and correlates of major depressive disorder (MDD). 	 CONTEXT
To present nationally representative data on prevalence and correlates of MDD by Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition (DSM-IV) criteria, and on study patterns and correlates of treatment and treatment adequacy from the recently completed National Comorbidity Survey Replication (NCS-R). 	 OBJECTIVE
Face-to-face household survey conducted from February 2001 to December 2002. 	 DESIGN
The 48 contiguous United States. 	 SETTING
Household residents ages 18 years or older (N = 9090) who responded to the NCS-R survey. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Prevalence and correlates of MDD using the World Health Organization's (WHO) Composite International Diagnostic Interview (CIDI), 12-month severity with the Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology Self-Report (QIDS-SR), the Sheehan Disability Scale (SDS), and the WHO disability assessment scale (WHO-DAS). 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Clinical reinterviews used the Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
The prevalence of CIDI MDD for lifetime was 16.2% (95% confidence interval [CI], 15.1-17.3) (32.6-35.1 million US adults) and for 12-month was 6.6% (95% CI, 5.9-7.3) (13.1-14.2 million US adults). 	 RESULTS
Virtually all CIDI 12-month cases were independently classified as clinically significant using the QIDS-SR, with 10.4% mild, 38.6% moderate, 38.0% severe, and 12.9% very severe. 	 RESULTS
Mean episode duration was 16 weeks (95% CI, 15.1-17.3). 	 RESULTS
Role impairment as measured by SDS was substantial as indicated by 59.3% of 12-month cases with severe or very severe role impairment. 	 RESULTS
Most lifetime (72.1%) and 12-month (78.5%) cases had comorbid CIDI/DSM-IV disorders, with MDD only rarely primary. 	 RESULTS
Although 51.6% (95% CI, 46.1-57.2) of 12-month cases received health care treatment for MDD, treatment was adequate in only 41.9% (95% CI, 35.9-47.9) of these cases, resulting in 21.7% (95% CI, 18.1-25.2) of 12-month MDD being adequately treated. 	 RESULTS
Sociodemographic correlates of treatment were far less numerous than those of prevalence. 	 RESULTS
Major depressive disorder is a common disorder, widely distributed in the population, and usually associated with substantial symptom severity and role impairment. 	 CONCLUSIONS
While the recent increase in treatment is encouraging, inadequate treatment is a serious concern. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Emphasis on screening and expansion of treatment needs to be accompanied by a parallel emphasis on treatment quality improvement. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Interferon alfa is widely used for metastatic renal-cell carcinoma but has limited efficacy and tolerability. 	 BACKGROUND
Temsirolimus, a specific inhibitor of the mammalian target of rapamycin kinase, may benefit patients with this disease. 	 BACKGROUND
In this multicenter, phase 3 trial, we randomly assigned 626 patients with previously untreated, poor-prognosis metastatic renal-cell carcinoma to receive 25 mg of intravenous temsirolimus weekly, 3 million U of interferon alfa (with an increase to 18 million U) subcutaneously three times weekly, or combination therapy with 15 mg of temsirolimus weekly plus 6 million U of interferon alfa three times weekly. 	 METHODS
The primary end point was overall survival in comparisons of the temsirolimus group and the combination-therapy group with the interferon group. 	 METHODS
Patients who received temsirolimus alone had longer overall survival (hazard ratio for death, 0.73; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.58 to 0.92; P=0.008) and progression-free survival (P<0.001) than did patients who received interferon alone. 	 RESULTS
Overall survival in the combination-therapy group did not differ significantly from that in the interferon group (hazard ratio, 0.96; 95% CI, 0.76 to 1.20; P=0.70). 	 RESULTS
Median overall survival times in the interferon group, the temsirolimus group, and the combination-therapy group were 7.3, 10.9, and 8.4 months, respectively. 	 RESULTS
Rash, peripheral edema, hyperglycemia, and hyperlipidemia were more common in the temsirolimus group, whereas asthenia was more common in the interferon group. 	 RESULTS
There were fewer patients with serious adverse events in the temsirolimus group than in the interferon group (P=0.02). 	 RESULTS
As compared with interferon alfa, temsirolimus improved overall survival among patients with metastatic renal-cell carcinoma and a poor prognosis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The addition of temsirolimus to interferon did not improve survival. 	 CONCLUSIONS
(ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00065468 [ClinicalTrials.gov].). 	 CONCLUSIONS
To determine whether the ankle brachial index (ABI, a marker of generalized atherosclerosis) is associated with cognitive impairment after 10 years in older people. 	 OBJECTIVES
Cohort study (Edinburgh Artery Study). 	 DESIGN
Eleven general practices in Edinburgh, Scotland. 	 SETTING
Seven hundred seventeen men and women aged 55 to 74 from the general population, followed for 10 years. 	 PARTICIPANTS
measured at baseline and major cognitive functions (including premorbid function using the National Adult Reading Test, NART) tested after 10 years. 	 MEASUREMENTS ABI
After adjustment for age and sex, a low ABI was associated with lower scoring (bottom tertile vs top tertile) on Raven's Matrices (odds ratio (OR)=1.6, 95% confidence interval (CI) =1.0-2.6), Verbal Fluency (OR =1.8, 95% CI =1.1-3.0), and Digit Symbol Test (OR =2.3, 95% CI =1.3-4.2), suggesting that the ABI is predictive of poorer performance in nonverbal reasoning, verbal fluency, and information processing speed. 	 RESULTS
The association between ABI and the Digit Symbol Test remained significant after further adjustment for premorbid cognitive function (tested using the NART), suggesting that the ABI is also predictive of decline in information processing speed (from premorbid ability to that measured here in older age). 	 RESULTS
The ABI may be useful in identifying older individuals at higher risk of cognitive impairment. 	 CONCLUSION
In the future, preventive measures developed to target individuals with a low ABI should consider measures to reduce vascular-related cognitive decline as well as cardiovascular events, in an effort to reduce the incidence and consequences of subsequent cognitive impairment and dementia. 	 CONCLUSION
To determine which first-line medication is more effective in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) patients for ovulation induction and pregnancy achievement and to verify whether any patient characteristic is associated with a better response to therapy. 	 OBJECTIVE
Observational comparative study. 	 DESIGN
Fertility clinic. 	 SETTING
PATIENT(S) One hundred fifty-four infertile women with oligomenorrhea and hyperandrogenism. 	 SETTING
INTERVENTION(S) Group 1 (56 patients) received clomiphene citrate (CC) 50 mg from days 5-9 of the cycle. 	 SETTING
Group 2 (57 patients) received 500 mg of metformin 3 times a day. 	 SETTING
Group 3 (41 patients) received both medications. 	 SETTING
MEASURE(S) Ovulation and pregnancy. 	 MAIN OUTCOME
RESULT(S) Patients receiving metformin alone had an increased ovulation rate compared with those receiving CC alone (75.4% vs. 50%). 	 MAIN OUTCOME
Patients on metformin had similar ovulation rates compared with those in the combination group (75.4% vs. 63.4%). 	 MAIN OUTCOME
Pregnancy rates were equivalent in the 3 groups. 	 MAIN OUTCOME
Response to metformin was independent of body weight and dose. 	 MAIN OUTCOME
Finally, nonsmoking predicted better ovulatory response overall as well as lower fasting glucose for CC and lower androgens for metformin. 	 MAIN OUTCOME
CONCLUSION(S) 	 MAIN OUTCOME
Metformin is better for ovulation induction than CC alone and equivalent for pregnancy achievement. 	 MAIN OUTCOME
We suggest that metformin can be used first for ovulation induction in patients with PCOS regardless of their weight and insulin levels because of its efficacy and known safety profile. 	 MAIN OUTCOME
Up to 80% of patients with lung cancer have comorbid chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). 	 RATIONALE
Many of them are poor candidates for stage-specific lung cancer treatment due to diminished lung function and poor functional status, and many forego treatment. 	 RATIONALE
The negative effect of COPD may be moderated by pulmonologist-guided management. 	 RATIONALE
This study examined the association between pulmonologist management and the probability of receiving the recommended stage-specific treatment modality and overall survival among patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with preexisting COPD. 	 OBJECTIVES
Early- and advanced-stage NSCLC cases diagnosed between 2002 and 2005 with a prior COPD diagnosis (3-24 months before NSCLC diagnosis) were identified in Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results tumor registry data linked to Medicare claims. 	 METHODS
Study outcomes included receipt of recommended stage-specific treatment (surgical resection for early-stage NSCLC and chemotherapy for advanced-stage NSCLC [advNSCLC]) and overall survival. 	 METHODS
Pulmonologist management was considered present if one or more Evaluation and Management visit claims with pulmonologist specialty were observed within 6 months after NSCLC diagnosis. 	 METHODS
Stage-specific multivariate logistic regression tested association between pulmonologist management and treatment received. 	 METHODS
Cox proportional hazard models examined the independent association between pulmonologist care and mortality. 	 METHODS
Two-stage residual inclusion instrumental variable (2SRI-IV) analyses tested and adjusted for potential confounding based on unobserved factors or measurement error. 	 METHODS
The cohorts included 5,488 patients with early-stage NSCLC and 6,426 patients with advNSCLC disease with preexisting COPD. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
Pulmonologist management was recorded for 54.9% of patients with early stage NSCLC and 35.7% of patients with advNSCLC. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
Of those patients with pulmonologist involvement, 58.5% of patients with early NSCLC received surgical resection, and 43.6% of patients with advNSCLC received chemotherapy. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
Pulmonologist management post NSCLC diagnosis was associated with increased surgical resection rates (odds ratio, 1.26; 95% confidence interval, 1.11-1.45) for early NSCLC and increased chemotherapy rates (odds ratio, 1.88; 95% confidence interval, 1.67-2.10) for advNSCLC. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
Pulmonologist management was also associated with reduced mortality risk for patients with early-stage NSCLC but not AdvNSCLC. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
Pulmonologist management had a positive association with rates of stage-specific treatment in both groups and overall survival in early-stage NSCLC. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These results provide preliminary support for the recently published guidelines emphasizing the role of pulmonologists in lung cancer management. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma) is an essential cytokine in the regulation of inflammatory responses in autoimmune diseases. 	 BACKGROUND
Little is known about its role in inflammatory heart disease. 	 BACKGROUND
We showed that IFN-gamma receptor-deficient mice (IFN-gammaR(-/-)) on a BALB/c background immunized with a peptide derived from cardiac alpha-myosin heavy chain develop severe myocarditis with high mortality. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Although myocarditis subsided in wild-type mice after 3 weeks, IFN-gammaR(-/-) mice showed persistent disease. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The persistent inflammation was accompanied by vigorous in vitro CD4 T-cell responses and impaired inducible nitric oxide synthase expression, together with evidence of impaired nitric oxide production in IFN-gammaR(-/-) hearts. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Treatment of wild-type mice with the nitric oxide synthetase inhibitor N:-nitro-l-arginine-methyl-ester enhanced in vitro CD4 T-cell proliferation and prevented healing of myocarditis. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Our data provide evidence that IFN-gamma protects mice from lethal autoimmune myocarditis by inducing the expression of inducible nitric oxide synthase followed by the downregulation of T-cell responses. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The growth inhibitory effect of tamoxifen, which is used for the treatment of hormone receptor-positive breast cancer, is mediated by its metabolites, 4-hydroxytamoxifen and endoxifen. 	 CONTEXT
The formation of active metabolites is catalyzed by the polymorphic cytochrome P450 2D6 (CYP2D6) enzyme. 	 CONTEXT
To determine whether CYP2D6 variation is associated with clinical outcomes in women receiving adjuvant tamoxifen. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PATIENTS Retrospective analysis of German and US cohorts of patients treated with adjuvant tamoxifen for early stage breast cancer. 	 OBJECTIVE
The 1325 patients had diagnoses between 1986 and 2005 of stage I through III breast cancer and were mainly postmenopausal (95.4%). 	 OBJECTIVE
Last follow-up was in December 2008; inclusion criteria were hormone receptor positivity, no metastatic disease at diagnosis, adjuvant tamoxifen therapy, and no chemotherapy. 	 OBJECTIVE
from tumor tissue or blood was genotyped for CYP2D6 variants associated with reduced (*10, *41) or absent (*3, *4, *5) enzyme activity. 	 DNA
Women were classified as having an extensive (n=609), heterozygous extensive/intermediate (n=637), or poor (n=79) CYP2D6 metabolism. 	 DNA
Time to recurrence, event-free survival, disease-free survival, and overall survival. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Median follow-up was 6.3 years. 	 RESULTS
At 9 years of follow-up, the recurrence rates were 14.9% for extensive metabolizers, 20.9% for heterozygous extensive/intermediate metabolizers, and 29.0% for poor metabolizers, and all-cause mortality rates were 16.7%, 18.0%, and 22.8%, respectively. 	 RESULTS
Compared with extensive metabolizers, there was a significantly increased risk of recurrence for heterozygous extensive/intermediate metabolizers (time to recurrence adjusted hazard ratio [HR], 1.40; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.04-1.90) and for poor metabolizers (time to recurrence HR, 1.90; 95% CI, 1.10-3.28). 	 RESULTS
Compared with extensive metabolizers, those with decreased CYP2D6 activity (heterozygous extensive/intermediate and poor metabolism) had worse event-free survival (HR, 1.33; 95% CI, 1.06-1.68) and disease-free survival (HR, 1.29; 95% CI, 1.03-1.61), but there was no significant difference in overall survival (HR, 1.15; 95% CI, 0.88-1.51). 	 RESULTS
Among women with breast cancer treated with tamoxifen, there was an association between CYP2D6 variation and clinical outcomes, such that the presence of 2 functional CYP2D6 alleles was associated with better clinical outcomes and the presence of nonfunctional or reduced-function alleles with worse outcomes. 	 CONCLUSION
To assess the efficacy, dose stability, safety, and abuse potential of long-term, nightly benzodiazepine treatment of chronic disorders of disrupted nocturnal sleep. 	 PURPOSE
During a 12-year period, one author evaluated and treated 170 adult referrals for > or = 6 months with nightly benzodiazepine therapy for longstanding, sleep-disruptive disorders: injurious sleepwalking and sleep terrors (69); rapid eye movement sleep behavior disorder (52); chronic, severe insomnia (25); and restless legs syndrome/periodic limb movement disorder (24). 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Complete/substantial control of the sleep disorders was achieved by 146 patients (86%); 8% had adverse effects requiring medication changes; 2% had relapses of alcohol or chemical abuse requiring hospitalization; another 2% at times misused their medications. 	 RESULTS
A total of 136 patients received clonazepam nightly for a mean 3.5 (+/- 	 RESULTS
2.4) years, with no significant difference in inital versus final mean dose: 0.77 mg (+/- 0.46) versus 1.10 mg (+/- 0.96). 	 RESULTS
Similar results were obtained with chronic alprazolam treatment and with other benzodiazepine treatments. 	 RESULTS
Long-term, nightly benzodiazepine treatment of injurious parasomnias and other disorders of disrupted nocturnal sleep resulted in sustained efficacy in most cases, with low risk of dosage tolerance, adverse effects, or abuse. 	 CONCLUSION
Data from this study on the treatment of chronic, severe insomnia (a small subset of all insomnia) are not generalizable to the typical insomnia patient. 	 CONCLUSION
Orai1/CRACM1 is a principal component of the store-operated calcium channels. 	 BACKGROUND
Store-operated calcium influx is highly correlated with inflammatory reactions, immunological regulation, and cell proliferation. 	 BACKGROUND
Epidermal growth factor (EGF), which plays an important role in the regulation of cell proliferation, can activate store-operated calcium channels. 	 BACKGROUND
However, the consequences of Orai1/CRACM1 overexpression in EGF-mediated lung cancer cells growth are not known. 	 BACKGROUND
To investigate the role of Orai1/CRACM1 in EGF-mediated lung cancer cell proliferation, Orai1/CRACM1 plasmids were transfected into cells by lipofection. 	 METHODS
A cell proliferation assay, immunofluorescence staining, flow cytometry, and real-time polymerase chain reaction were employed to monitor cell proliferation. 	 METHODS
The calcium influx signals were investigated using a fluorescent-based calcium assay. 	 METHODS
Transfection of Orai1/CRACM1 plasmids resulted in the inhibition of EGF-mediated cell proliferation. 	 RESULTS
ERK1/2 and Akt phosphorylation were inhibited by Orai1/CRACM1 overexpression. 	 RESULTS
Expression of the cell cycle modulator p21 was induced in the Orai1/CRACM1-overexpressing cells, whereas the expression of cyclin D3 was reduced. 	 RESULTS
Flow cytometry revealed that overexpression of Orai1/CRACM1 resulted in G0/G1 cell cycle arrest. 	 RESULTS
Importantly, Orai1/CRACM1 overexpression significantly attenuated EGF-mediated store-operated calcium influx. 	 RESULTS
In addition, application of 2-APB, a store-operated calcium channel inhibitor, resulted in the inhibition of EGF-mediated cancer cell proliferation. 	 RESULTS
We conclude that Orai1/CRACM1 overexpression attenuates store-operated Ca(2+) influx that in turn blocks EGF-mediated proliferative signaling and drives cell cycle arrest. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Heart failure (HF) is a serious complication and often the cause of death in adults with congenital heart disease (CHD). 	 BACKGROUND
Therefore, our aims were to determine the frequency of HF-admissions, and to assess risk factors of first HF-admission and of mortality after first HF-admission in adults with CHD. 	 BACKGROUND
The Dutch CONCOR registry was linked to the Hospital Discharge Registry and National Mortality Registry to obtain data on HF-admissions and mortality. 	 METHODS
Risk factors for both HF-admission and mortality were assessed using Cox regression models. 	 METHODS
Of 10,808 adult patients (49% male), 274 (2.5%) were admitted for HF during a median follow-up period of 21 years. 	 RESULTS
The incidence of first HF-admission was 1.2 per 1000 patient-years, but the incidence of HF itself will be higher. 	 RESULTS
Main defect, multiple defects, and surgical interventions in childhood were identified as independent risk factors of HF-admission. 	 RESULTS
Patients admitted for HF had a five-fold higher risk of mortality than patients not admitted (hazard ratio (HR)=5.3; 95% confidence interval 4.2-6.9). 	 RESULTS
One- and three-year mortality after first HF-admission were 24% and 35% respectively. 	 RESULTS
Independent risk factors for three-year mortality after first HF-admission were male gender, pacemaker implantation, admission duration, non-cardiac medication use and high serum creatinine. 	 RESULTS
The incidence of HF-admission in adults with CHD is 1.2 per 1000 patient-years. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Mortality risk is substantially increased after HF-admission, which emphasises the importance to identify patients at high risk of HF-admission. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These patients might benefit from closer follow-up and earlier medical interventions. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The presented risk factors may facilitate surveillance. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Previous investigations have reported a relationship between variables obtained from echocardiography with tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) and cardiopulmonary exercise testing (CPX) in systolic heart failure (HF) cohorts. 	 PURPOSE
The purpose of the present investigation was to perform a comparative analysis between echocardiography with TDI and CPX in patients with HF and normal ejection fraction (NEF). 	 PURPOSE
Patients with HF-NEF (N = 32) underwent echocardiography with TDI and CPX to determine the following variables: (1) the ratio between mitral early velocity (E) and mitral annular velocity (E'), (2) ejection fraction, (3) left ventricular (LV) mass, (4) left ventricular end systolic volume, (5) peak oxygen uptake (.VO2), (6) ventilatory efficiency, (7) the partial pressure of end-tidal carbon dioxide (P(ET)CO2) at rest and peak exercise, and (8) heart rate recovery at 1 minute (HRR1). 	 METHODS
Pearson correlation revealed that E/E' was significantly correlated with peak oxygen uptake (r = -0.55, P = .001), the ventilatory efficiency slope (r = 0.60, P < .001), resting P(ET)CO2 (r = -0.39, P = .03), peak P(ET)CO2 (r = -0.50, P = .004), and HRR1 (r = -0.63, P < .001). 	 RESULTS
Left ventricular mass and left ventricular end systolic volume were not correlated with any CPX variable. 	 RESULTS
Ejection fraction was correlated with HRR1 (r = -0.55, P = .001). 	 RESULTS
An HRR1 threshold of less than 16 and/or 16 or more beats per minute (higher value positive) effectively identified subjects with an E/E' > 10 (positive likelihood ratio: 13:2). 	 RESULTS
E/E' provides an accurate reflection of LV filling pressure and thus, insight into diastolic function. 	 DISCUSSION
The results of the present investigation indicate CPX provides insight into cardiac dysfunction in patients with HF-NEF and thus, may eventually prove to be a valuable and accepted clinical assessment. 	 DISCUSSION
We evaluated the long-term outcome of radical prostatectomy for pathological Gleason score 8 or greater prostate cancer and characterized the prognostic significance of other pathological variables. 	 PURPOSE
A total of 6,419 patients underwent radical prostatectomy between 1987 and 1996. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
There were 407 patients classified as having pathological Gleason 8 or greater, including 8 in 48%, 9 in 49% and 10 in 3%. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
Adjuvant treatment was used in 45% of patients and adjuvant hormonal therapy was administered to 155 (38%). 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
Progression-free, including local or systemic, and/or prostate specific antigen (PSA) 0.4 ng./ml. or greater, and cancer specific survival were determined by the Kaplan-Meier method. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
The effect of pathological grade and stage, preoperative PSA, DNA ploidy, margin status, tumor dimension, seminal vesicle invasion, and adjuvant treatment was assessed with the univariate and multivariate analyses. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
Pathological stage distribution was pT2 in 26% of patients, pT3 48% and pTxN+ 27%. 	 RESULTS
Overall and progression-free survival at 10 years was 67% and 36%, respectively, compared to cancer specific survival 85%. 	 RESULTS
Adjuvant treatment, pathological stage, preoperative PSA and pathological grade were significant (less than 0.05) univariate predictors of progression-free survival. 	 RESULTS
Pathological stage, margin status and ploidy were univariately associated with cancer specific survival. 	 RESULTS
Progression-free survival at 10 years of those patients who did and did not receive adjuvant treatment was 52% and 23%, respectively. 	 RESULTS
In the multivariate analysis pathological grade (p=0.02), preoperative PSA (p <0.0001), adjuvant therapy (p <0.0001) and pathological stage (p=0.036) were significant independent predictors of progression-free survival. 	 RESULTS
High grade prostate cancer can be controlled with radical prostatectomy in some patients with disease confined pathologically, and 10-year cause specific survival is 96%. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Predictors of outcome in patients with Gleason 8 disease or greater are similar to established predictors derived by using all grades. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Although adjuvant hormonal therapy appears to improve disease progression rates after radical prostatectomy on the basis of this nonrandomized study, it may not affect prostate cancer death rates within 10 years in patients with high grade cancer. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To observe the clinical effects of acupuncture combined with auricular point sticking based on the western medication for post stroke depression (PSD). 	 OBJECTIVE
Sixty patients with PSD were randomly assigned into an acupuncture plus auricular application group (a combination group) and a medication group, 30 cases in each one. 	 METHODS
20 mg paroxetine hydrochloride was prescribed orally in the medication group, once a day for continuous 8 weeks. 	 METHODS
Based on the above treatment, 30-minute acupuncture was used in the combination group for 8 weeks at Baihui (GV 20), Sishencong (EX-HN 1), Shenting (GV 24), Yintang (GV 29), Shenmen (HT 7), Neiguan (PC 6), Taichong (LR 3), Hegu (LI 4), Zusanli (ST 36), Sanyinjiao (SP 6) and Fenglong (ST 40), once the other day and three times a week. 	 METHODS
Auricular point sticking therapy for 8 weeks was applied at shenmen (TF4), pizhixia (AT4), xin (CO15), and gan (CO12), with pressing 3 times a day and once 3-5 days. 	 METHODS
The total score and each factor scores of Hamilton's depression scale (HAMD) were observed in the two groups before and after treatment, and Asberg's antidepressant side-effect rating scale (SERS) and clinical effect were evaluated. 	 METHODS
After treatment, the total HAMD scores of the two groups decreased compared with those before treatment (both P<0.05), with better effect in the combination group (P<0.05). 	 RESULTS
The scores of the combination group after treatment were lower than those in the medication group, including the anxiety/somatization factor, sleep disturbance factor, hopelessness factor (all P<0.05). 	 RESULTS
The total effective rate of the combination group was 86.7% (26/30), which was better than 66.7% (20/30) of the medication group (P<0.05). 	 RESULTS
The SERS score of the combination group was lower than that of the medication group (P<0.05). 	 RESULTS
Acupuncture combined with auricular point sticking can improve the clinical symptoms and are effective and safe for PSD. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Patients with daily or near-daily headaches are commonly seen in neurology practices and in headache subspecialty centers, but there is little information on the prevalence of this condition in the general population. 	 PURPOSE
We present the first US-based study describing the prevalence and characteristics of frequent headache in the general population. 	 PURPOSE
In Baltimore County, Maryland, 13 343 individuals 18 to 65 years of age were selected by random-digit dialing and interviewed by telephone about their headaches. 	 METHODS
Subjects reporting 180 or more headaches per year were classified as having frequent headache. 	 METHODS
Three mutually exclusive subtypes of frequent headache were identified: frequent headache with migrainous features, chronic tension-type headache, and unclassified frequent headache. 	 METHODS
The overall prevalence of frequent headache was 4.1% (5.0% female, 2.8% male; 1.8:1 female to male ratio). 	 RESULTS
Frequent headache was 33% more common in Caucasians (4.4%) than in African Americans (3.3%). 	 RESULTS
In both males and females, prevalence was highest in the lowest educational category. 	 RESULTS
Among frequent headache sufferers, more than half (52% female, 56% male) met criteria for chronic tension-type headache, almost one third (33% female, 25% male) met criteria for frequent headache with migrainous features, and the remainder (15% female, 19% male) were unclassified. 	 RESULTS
Overall, 30% of female and 25% of male frequent headache sufferers met International Headache Society (IHS) criteria for migraine (with or without aura). 	 RESULTS
Frequent headache is common in the general population and is more prevalent in Caucasians and in those with less than a high school education. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Chronic tension-type headache is more common than frequent headache with migrainous features, though the latter is more disabling. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Although more common in females than males, the female preponderance of frequent headache is less marked than in migraine. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The sex ratio varies by frequent headache subtype. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In the plant sciences there are two widely applied technologies for measuring nuclear DNA content: Feulgen absorbance cytophotometry and flow cytometry (FCM). 	 BACKGROUND
While FCM is, with good reasons, increasingly popular among plant scientists, absorbance-cytophotometric techniques lose ground. 	 BACKGROUND
This results in a narrowing of the methodological repertoire, which is neither desirable nor beneficial. 	 BACKGROUND
Both approaches have their advantages, but static cytophotometry seems to pose more instrumental difficulties and material-based problems than FCM, so that Feulgen-based data in the literature are often less reliable than one would expect. 	 BACKGROUND
The purpose of this article is to present a selective overview of the field of nuclear DNA content measurement, and C-values in particular, with a focus on the technical difficulties imposed by the characteristics of the biological material and with some comments on the photometrical aspects of the work. 	 SCOPE
For over 20 years it has been known that plant polyphenols cause problems in Feulgen DNA cytophotometry, since they act as major staining inhibitors leading to unreliable results. 	 SCOPE
However, little information is available about the chemical classes of plant metabolites capable of DNA staining interference and the mechanisms of their inhibition. 	 SCOPE
Plant slimes are another source of concern. 	 SCOPE
In FCM research to uncover the effects of secondary metabolites on measurement results has begun only recently. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In particular, the analysis of intraspecific genome size variation demands a stringent methodology which accounts for inhibitors. 	 CONCLUSIONS
tests for inhibitory effects of endogenous metabolites should become obligatory. 	 FCM
The use of dry seeds for harvesting embryo and endosperm nuclei for FCM and Feulgen densitometry may often provide a means of circumventing staining inhibitors. 	 FCM
The importance of internal standardization is highlighted. 	 FCM
Our goal is a better understanding of phytochemical/cytochemical interactions in plant DNA photometry for the benefit of an ever-growing list of plant genome sizes. 	 FCM
The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 (MMA) altered reimbursements for outpatient chemotherapy drugs and drug administration services. 	 CONTEXT
Anecdotal reports suggest that these adjustments may have negatively affected access to chemotherapy for Medicare beneficiaries. 	 CONTEXT
To compare patient wait times and travel distances for chemotherapy before and after the enactment of the MMA. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PATIENTS Analysis of a nationally representative 5% sample of claims from the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services for the period 2003 through 2006. 	 OBJECTIVE
Patients were Medicare beneficiaries with incident breast cancer, colorectal cancer, leukemia, lung cancer, or lymphoma who received chemotherapy in inpatient hospital, institutional outpatient, or physician office settings. 	 OBJECTIVE
Days from incident diagnosis to first chemotherapy visit and distance traveled for treatment, controlling for age, sex, race/ethnicity, cancer type, geographic region, comorbid conditions, and year of diagnosis and treatment. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
There were 5082 incident cases of breast cancer, colorectal cancer, leukemia, lung cancer, or lymphoma in 2003; 5379 cases in 2004; 5116 cases in 2005; and 5288 cases in 2006. 	 RESULTS
Approximately 70% of patients received treatment in physician office settings in each year. 	 RESULTS
Although the distribution of treatment settings in 2004 and 2005 was not significantly different from 2003 (P = .24 and P = .72, respectively), there was a small but significant change from 2003 to 2006 (P = .02). 	 RESULTS
The proportion of patients receiving chemotherapy in inpatient settings decreased from 10.2% in 2003 to 8.8% in 2006 (P = .03), and the proportion in institutional outpatient settings increased from 21.1% to 22.5% (P = .004). 	 RESULTS
The proportion in physician offices remained at 68.7% (P = .29). 	 RESULTS
The median time from diagnosis to initial chemotherapy visit was 28 days in 2003, 27 days in 2004, 29 days in 2005, and 28 days in 2006. 	 RESULTS
In multivariate analyses, average wait times for chemotherapy were 1.96 days longer in 2005 than in 2003 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.11-3.80 days; P = .04) but not significantly different in 2006 (0.88 days; 95% CI, -0.96 to 2.71 days; P = .35). 	 RESULTS
Median travel distance was 7 miles (11.2 km) in 2003 and 8 miles (12.8 km) in 2004 through 2006. 	 RESULTS
After adjustment, average travel distance remained slightly longer in 2004 (1.47 miles [2.35 km]; 95% CI, 0.87-2.07 miles [1.39-3.31 km]; P < .001), 2005 (1.19 miles [1.90 km]; 95% CI, 0.58-1.80 miles [0.93-2.88 km]; P < .001), and 2006 (1.30 miles [2.08 km]; 95% CI, 0.69-1.90 miles [1.10-3.04 km]; P < .001) compared with 2003. 	 RESULTS
There have not been major changes in travel distance and patient wait times for chemotherapy in the Medicare population since 2003, the year before MMA-related changes in reimbursement. 	 CONCLUSION
The appropriate therapy for men with clinically localized prostate cancer is uncertain. 	 CONTEXT
A recent study suggested an increasing prostate cancer mortality rate for men who are alive more than 15 years following diagnosis. 	 CONTEXT
To estimate 20-year survival based on a competing risk analysis of men who were diagnosed with clinically localized prostate cancer and treated with observation or androgen withdrawal therapy alone, stratified by age at diagnosis and histological findings. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PATIENTS A retrospective population-based cohort study using Connecticut Tumor Registry data supplemented by hospital record and histology review of 767 men aged 55 to 74 years with clinically localized prostate cancer diagnosed between January 1, 1971, and December 31, 1984. 	 OBJECTIVE
Patients were treated with either observation or immediate or delayed androgen withdrawal therapy, with a median observation of 24 years. 	 OBJECTIVE
Probability of mortality from prostate cancer or other competing medical conditions, given a patient's age at diagnosis and tumor grade. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
The prostate cancer mortality rate was 33 per 1000 person-years during the first 15 years of follow-up (95% confidence interval [CI], 28-38) and 18 per 1000 person-years after 15 years of follow-up (95% CI, 10-29). 	 RESULTS
The mortality rates for these 2 follow-up periods were not statistically different, after adjusting for differences in tumor histology (rate ratio, 1.1; 95% CI, 0.6-1.9). 	 RESULTS
Men with low-grade prostate cancers have a minimal risk of dying from prostate cancer during 20 years of follow-up (Gleason score of 2-4, 6 deaths per 1000 person-years; 95% CI, 2-11). 	 RESULTS
Men with high-grade prostate cancers have a high probability of dying from prostate cancer within 10 years of diagnosis (Gleason score of 8-10, 121 deaths per 1000 person-years; 95% CI, 90-156). 	 RESULTS
Men with Gleason score of 5 or 6 tumors have an intermediate risk of prostate cancer death. 	 RESULTS
The annual mortality rate from prostate cancer appears to remain stable after 15 years from diagnosis, which does not support aggressive treatment for localized low-grade prostate cancer. 	 CONCLUSION
BACKGROUND/AIMS There is only limited information on the prevalence and influence of coinfection with either hepatitis B or C on the clinical course in patients infected with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). 	 CONCLUSION
Follow-up was available in 232 HIV-infected patients (age 37+/-8 years, CD4 count 167+/-167 microl; 46% had AIDS). 	 METHODS
Samples were investigated for markers of HBV and HCV infection (HBsAg, HBeAg, HBV-DNA, Anti-HBs, anti-HBc, anti-HCV, HCV-RNA). 	 METHODS
60/232 patients (23%) were anti-HCV positive. 	 RESULTS
78% of these sera were positive for HCV-RNA. 	 RESULTS
22/232 patients (9%) suffered from chronic HBV infection (HBsAg positive), 18/22 (82%) of these sera had detectable HBeAg and 19/22 (86%) HBV-DNA. 	 RESULTS
Presence of HCV-RNA, HBeAg and amount of HBV-DNA were related to the degree of immunodeficiency. 	 RESULTS
In contrast to the control group without HBV or HCV infection, patients infected with HIV and either HBV or HCV showed a direct correlation between a reduction in CD4 counts and decreased cholinesterase activity. 	 RESULTS
In patients with AIDS, coinfection with HBV or HCV was associated with a reduced survival compared to controls (HBV: 212 days, 95%CI, 106-317; HCV: 267, 95%CI, 112-396; controls: 439 days, 95%CI, 364-513). 	 RESULTS
Coinfection of HIV and HBV or HCV is frequently observed. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Our results suggest that with prolonged survival of HIV-infected patients, coinfection with either HBV or HCV correlates with a reduced survival rate. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Most patients with advanced pancreas cancer experience pain and must limit their daily activities because of tumor-related symptoms. 	 PURPOSE
To date, no treatment has had a significant impact on the disease. 	 PURPOSE
In early studies with gemcitabine, patients with pancreas cancer experienced an improvement in disease-related symptoms. 	 PURPOSE
Based on those findings, a definitive trial was performed to assess the effectiveness of gemcitabine in patients with newly diagnosed advanced pancreas cancer. 	 PURPOSE
One hundred twenty-six patients with advanced symptomatic pancreas cancer completed a lead-in period to characterize and stabilize pain and were randomized to receive either gemcitabine 1,000 mg/m2 weekly x 7 followed by 1 week of rest, then weekly x 3 every 4 weeks thereafter (63 patients), or to fluorouracil (5-FU) 600 mg/m2 once weekly (63 patients). 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
The primary efficacy measure was clinical benefit response, which was a composite of measurements of pain (analgesic consumption and pain intensity), Karnofsky performance status, and weight. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Clinical benefit required a sustained (> or = 4 weeks) improvement in at least one parameter without worsening in any others. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Other measures of efficacy included response rate, time to progressive disease, and survival. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Clinical benefit response was experienced by 23.8% of gemcitabine-treated patients compared with 4.8% of 5-FU-treated patients (P = .0022). 	 RESULTS
The median survival durations were 5.65 and 4.41 months for gemcitabine-treated and 5-FU-treated patients, respectively (P = .0025). 	 RESULTS
The survival rate at 12 months was 18% for gemcitabine patients and 2% for 5-FU patients. 	 RESULTS
Treatment was well tolerated. 	 RESULTS
This study demonstrates that gemcitabine is more effective than 5-FU in alleviation of some disease-related symptoms in patients with advanced, symptomatic pancreas cancer. 	 CONCLUSION
Gemcitabine also confers a modest survival advantage over treatment with 5-FU. 	 CONCLUSION
To observe the effects on post-stroke depression treated with acupuncture at the acu points based on ziwuliuzhu (the midnight-noon ebb-flow theory). 	 OBJECTIVE
Ninety-three patients were randomized into a comprehensive group, a ziwuliuzhu group and a prozac group, 31 cases in each group. 	 METHODS
In the ziwuliuzhu group, acupuncture was applied to the acupoints based on ziwuliuzhu, once a day, 5 times in a week. 	 METHODS
In the prozac group, fluoxertine hydrochloride (prozac) was prescribed for oral administration, once a day, 20 mg each time. 	 METHODS
In the comprehensive group, acupuncture based on ziwuliuzhu combined with the oral administration of prozac were adopted and the treatment frequency was the same as the ziwuliuzhu group and the prozac group. 	 METHODS
The 4-week treatment was taken as one session in the three groups and 6 sessions were required totally. 	 METHODS
The clinical efficacy and the Hamilton depression rating scale (HAMD) score and the adverse reaction were compared among the 3 groups. 	 METHODS
The total effective rate was 96.8% (30/31) in the comprehensive group, better than 83.9% (26/31) in the ziwuliuzhu group and 80. 	 RESULTS
6% (25/31) in the prozac group (both P<0.05). 	 RESULTS
In 4, 12 and 24 weeks of treatment, HAMD score was lower significantly than that before the treatment in the three groups (all P<0.05), and the score in the comprehensive group at each time point after treatment was lower than the other two groups (all P<0.05). 	 RESULTS
In 4 and 12 weeks of treatment, there were not different significantly between the ziwuliuzhu group and the prozac group (both P>0.05). 	 RESULTS
In 24 weeks of treatment, HAMD score in the ziwuliuzhu group was lower than that in the prozac group (P<0.05). 	 RESULTS
For the adverse reaction, there were 2 cases in the comprehensive group, 6 cases in the prozac group and 0 case in the ziwzuliuzhu group. 	 RESULTS
The comprehensive therapy of acupuncture at the acupoints based on ziwuliuzhu and oral administration of prozac is superior to either the simple oral administration of prozac or the ziwuliuzhu acu-puncture in terms of clinical efficacy and the improvements in depressive state. 	 CONCLUSION
Regarding the clinical efficacy, the impact of simple ziwuliuzhu acupuncture is not different significantly as compared with the simple oral administration of prozac, but it is better than the simple oral administration of prozac in terms of the long-term HAMD score and safety. 	 CONCLUSION
The Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) is a 27-center randomized clinical trial designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of interventions that may delay or prevent development of diabetes in people at increased risk for type 2 diabetes. 	 OBJECTIVE
Eligibility requirements were age > or = 25 years, BMI > or = 24 kg/m2 (> or = 22 kg/m2 for Asian-Americans), and impaired glucose tolerance plus a fasting plasma glucose of 5.3-6.9 mmol/l (or < or = 6.9 mmol for American Indians). 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
Randomization of participants into the DPP over 2.7 years ended in June 1999. 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
Baseline data for the three treatment groups--intensive lifestyle modification, standard care plus metformin, and standard care plus placebo--are presented for the 3,234 participants who have been randomized. 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
Of all participants 	 RESULTS
, 55% were Caucasian, 20% were African-American, 16% were Hispanic, 5% were American Indian, and 4% were Asian-American. 	 RESULTS
Their average age at entry was 51 +/- 	 RESULTS
10.7 years (mean +/- 	 RESULTS
SD), and 67.7% were women. 	 RESULTS
Moreover, 16% were < 40 years of age, and 20% were > or = 60 years of age. 	 RESULTS
Of the women, 48% were postmenopausal. 	 RESULTS
Men and women had similar frequencies of history of hypercholesterolemia (37 and 33%, respectively) or hypertension (29 and 26%, respectively). 	 RESULTS
On the basis of fasting lipid determinations, 54% of men and 40% of women fit National Cholesterol Education Program criteria for abnormal lipid profiles. 	 RESULTS
More men than women were current or former cigarette smokers or had a history of coronary heart disease. 	 RESULTS
Furthermore, 66% of men and 71% of women had a first-degree relative with diabetes. 	 RESULTS
Overall, BMI averaged 34.0 +/- 	 RESULTS
6.7 kg/m2 at baseline with 57% of the men and 73% of women having a BMI > or = 30 kg/m2. 	 RESULTS
Average fasting plasma glucose (6.0 +/- 	 RESULTS
0.5 mmol/l) and HbA1c (5.9 +/- 	 RESULTS
0.5%) in men were comparable with values in women (5.9 +/- 0.4 mmol/l and 5.9 +/- 	 RESULTS
0.5%, respectively). 	 RESULTS
The DPP has successfully randomized a large cohort of participants with a wide distribution of age, obesity, and ethnic and racial backgrounds who are at high risk for developing type 2 diabetes. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The study will examine the effects of interventions on the development of diabetes. 	 CONCLUSIONS
& AIMS Helicobacter pylori is an important etiologic factor in the development of gastric cancer. 	 BACKGROUND
The aim of this study was to analyze the role of H. pylori infections in the induction of mutagenic events in gastric epithelial cells. 	 BACKGROUND
The effect of a high-salt diet as a genotoxic risk factor was also investigated. 	 BACKGROUND
Big Blue transgenic male mice (C57Bl/6) were inoculated with H. pylori (strain SS1) or Helicobacter felis (strain CS1) for 6 and 12 months. 	 METHODS
The frequency and spectrum of mutations at the stomach level were assessed. 	 METHODS
Inflammatory host response and inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS) expression by reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction and immunohistochemistry analysis were also performed. 	 METHODS
After 6 months, the gastric mutant frequency was 4-fold and 1.7-fold higher in mice infected with H. pylori and H. felis, respectively, than in uninfected mice. 	 RESULTS
It was associated with a high frequency of transversions (AT --> CG and GC --> TA) known to result from oxidative damages. 	 RESULTS
The Helicobacter-infected mice exhibited severe gastritis and a high level of iNOS messenger RNA expression. 	 RESULTS
Hyperplasia developed 12 months after inoculation, and both the mutagenic effects and iNOS expression decreased in H. pylori- and H. felis-infected mice. 	 RESULTS
No synergistic effects of a high-salt diet and Helicobacter infection were observed regarding the frequency of gastric mutation. 	 RESULTS
A direct gastric mutagenic effect due to H. pylori infection in the Big Blue transgenic mouse model has been shown 6 months after inoculation. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This genotoxicity can be attributable to oxidative DNA damage involving the inflammatory host response. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The absolute risk of fractures in renal transplant patients is 3 times that of matched controls. 	 BACKGROUND
Most of the symptomatic fractures are peripheral, suggesting a greater compromise of cortical bone. 	 BACKGROUND
Peripheral quantitative computed tomography (pQCT) is a new imaging technique that allows separate noninvasive evaluations of cortical and trabecular bones. 	 BACKGROUND
We investigated cortical bone by pQCT in 12 renal transplant patients (seven men and five women) for comparison with 27 normal controls. 	 BACKGROUND
pQCT (XCT 960, Stratec, Pforheim, Germany) was performed upon the distal radius of the nondominant forearm (15% the length of the ulna, proximal from the radius end plate). 	 METHODS
We evaluated total and cortical bone mineral density (TBMD, cBMD), total (cross-sectional) and cortical area (TA, cA), cortical thickness (cThk), endosteal and periosteal circumferences, and the buckling ratio (r/cThK). 	 METHODS
Compared with normal controls transplant patients as a whole showed a significant increase in TA, in endosteal circumference (P < .001), and in the buckling ratio (P < .001) with a significant reduction in cThK (P < .001). 	 RESULTS
Female patients had a marked decrease in cA (51.4 vs 69.3 [pixel n]; P < .0001) and cThK (2.08 vs 2.78 mm; P < .0001). 	 RESULTS
Male patients also had a decrease in cThK (2.54 vs 3.30 mm; P = .0001) and an increase in endosteal perimeter (31.2 vs 26.4 mm; P < .0001). 	 RESULTS
Total time on dialysis prior to renal graft correlated negatively with cortical thickness (r = .62; P < .01). 	 RESULTS
Our results suggest that a marked thinning of cortical bone may explain the increased incidence of peripheral fractures among renal transplant patients. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The combination of ataxia and hypogonadism was first described more than a century ago, but its genetic basis has remained elusive. 	 BACKGROUND
We performed whole-exome sequencing in a patient with ataxia and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism, followed by targeted sequencing of candidate genes in similarly affected patients. 	 METHODS
Neurologic and reproductive endocrine phenotypes were characterized in detail. 	 METHODS
The effects of sequence variants and the presence of an epistatic interaction were tested in a zebrafish model. 	 METHODS
Digenic homozygous mutations in RNF216 and OTUD4, which encode a ubiquitin E3 ligase and a deubiquitinase, respectively, were found in three affected siblings in a consanguineous family. 	 RESULTS
Additional screening identified compound heterozygous truncating mutations in RNF216 in an unrelated patient and single heterozygous deleterious mutations in four other patients. 	 RESULTS
Knockdown of rnf216 or otud4 in zebrafish embryos induced defects in the eye, optic tectum, and cerebellum; combinatorial suppression of both genes exacerbated these phenotypes, which were rescued by nonmutant, but not mutant, human RNF216 or OTUD4 messenger RNA. 	 RESULTS
All patients had progressive ataxia and dementia. 	 RESULTS
Neuronal loss was observed in cerebellar pathways and the hippocampus; surviving hippocampal neurons contained ubiquitin-immunoreactive intranuclear inclusions. 	 RESULTS
Defects were detected at the hypothalamic and pituitary levels of the reproductive endocrine axis. 	 RESULTS
The syndrome of hypogonadotropic hypogonadism, ataxia, and dementia can be caused by inactivating mutations in RNF216 or by the combination of mutations in RNF216 and OTUD4. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These findings link disordered ubiquitination to neurodegeneration and reproductive dysfunction and highlight the power of whole-exome sequencing in combination with functional studies to unveil genetic interactions that cause disease. 	 CONCLUSIONS
(Funded by the National Institutes of Health and others.). 	 CONCLUSIONS
Aspirin is widely used for relief of pain and for cardioprotective effects. 	 CONTEXT
Its use is of concern to ophthalmologists when ocular surgery is being considered and also in the presence of age-related macular degeneration (AMD). 	 CONTEXT
To examine the association of regular aspirin use with incidence of AMD. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS The Beaver Dam Eye Study, a longitudinal population-based study of age-related eye diseases conducted in Wisconsin. 	 OBJECTIVE
Examinations were performed every 5 years over a 20-year period (1988-1990 through 2008-2010). 	 OBJECTIVE
Study participants (N = 4926) were aged 43 to 86 years at the baseline examination. 	 OBJECTIVE
At subsequent examinations, participants were asked if they had regularly used aspirin at least twice a week for more than 3 months. 	 OBJECTIVE
Incidence of early AMD, late AMD, and 2 subtypes of late AMD (neovascular AMD and pure geographic atrophy), assessed in retinal photographs according to the Wisconsin Age-Related Maculopathy Grading System. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
The mean duration of follow-up was 14.8 years. 	 RESULTS
There were 512 incident cases of early AMD (of 6243 person-visits at risk) and 117 incident cases of late AMD (of 8621 person-visits at risk) over the course of the study. 	 RESULTS
Regular aspirin use 10 years prior to retinal examination was associated with late AMD (hazard ratio [HR], 1.63 [95% CI, 1.01-2.63]; P = .05), with estimated incidence of 1.76% (95% CI, 1.17%-2.64%) in regular users and 1.03% (95% CI, 0.70%-1.51%) in nonusers. 	 RESULTS
For subtypes of late AMD, regular aspirin use 10 years prior to retinal examination was significantly associated with neovascular AMD (HR, 2.20 [95% CI, 1.20-4.15]; P = .01) but not pure geographic atrophy (HR, 0.66 [95% CI, 0.25-1.95]; P = .45). 	 RESULTS
Aspirin use 5 years (HR, 0.86 [95% CI, 0.71-1.05]; P = .13) or 10 years (HR, 0.86 [95% CI, 0.65-1.13]; P = .28) prior to retinal examination was not associated with incident early AMD. 	 RESULTS
Among an adult cohort, aspirin use 5 years prior to observed incidence was not associated with incident early or late AMD. 	 CONCLUSIONS
However, regular aspirin use 10 years prior was associated with a small but statistically significant increase in the risk of incident late and neovascular AMD. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To describe a naturally occurring X-linked recessive mutation, no b-wave (nob), that compromises visual transmission between photoreceptors and second-order neurons in mice. 	 PURPOSE
Affected mice were identified by recording the light-evoked response of the retina, the electroretinogram (ERG). 	 METHODS
To evaluate visual transmission, cortical potentials were recorded with a scalp electrode. 	 METHODS
The inheritance pattern for nob was defined by breeding nob animals with normal mice. 	 METHODS
Retinal histologic analysis was performed by light microscopy. 	 METHODS
Although the photoreceptor-mediated ERG component (a-wave) was normal in nob mice, the major response component reflecting postreceptoral neuronal activity (b-wave) was missing. 	 RESULTS
Visually-driven cortical activity was also abnormal in nob animals. 	 RESULTS
At the light microscopic level, the nob retina appeared to have a normal cytoarchitecture. 	 RESULTS
These findings suggest that the nob defect interferes with the transmission of visual information through the retina and that these mice are a useful model for the study of outer retinal synaptic function. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In addition, this mutant mouse seems to provide an animal model for the complete form of congenital stationary night blindness, a human disorder in which patients have a profound loss of rod-mediated visual sensitivity. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Interleukin (IL)-17F, produced in IL-23R-expressing Th17 cells, is a novel member of the IL-17 cytokine family. 	 BACKGROUND
Given the association of IL23R with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), we characterized the role of IL-17F in IBD including its intestinal gene expression and the effect of the IL17F p. 	 BACKGROUND
His161Arg polymorphism on disease susceptibility and phenotype of Crohn's disease (CD) and ulcerative colitis (UC). 	 BACKGROUND
In addition, we analyzed the IL17F p. 	 BACKGROUND
His161Arg polymorphism for potential epistasis with IL23R and NOD2/CARD15 variants. 	 BACKGROUND
Intestinal IL-17F mRNA expression was measured by quantitative polymerase chain reaction (PCR). 	 METHODS
Genomic DNA from 1682 individuals (CD: n = 499; UC: n = 216; controls: n = 967) was analyzed for the presence of the IL17F p. 	 METHODS
His161Arg polymorphism, the 3 NOD2 variants, p. 	 METHODS
Arg702Trp, p. 	 METHODS
Gly908Arg, and p. 	 METHODS
Leu1007fsX1008, and 10 CD-associated IL23R variants. 	 METHODS
Intestinal IL-17F mRNA expression was 4.4-fold increased in inflamed colonic lesions compared to uninflamed biopsies in CD (P = 0.016) but not in UC. 	 RESULTS
However, the mean intestinal IL-17F mRNA expression was higher in UC than in CD (P < 0.0001). 	 RESULTS
The IL17F p. 	 RESULTS
His161Arg substitution was observed with similar frequencies in IBD patients and controls and was not associated with a certain disease phenotype, but weakly associated with a low body mass index (BMI; P = 0.009) and an earlier age of disease onset (P = 0.039) in UC. 	 RESULTS
There was no evidence for epistasis between the IL17F p. 	 RESULTS
His161Arg polymorphism and IBD-associated single nucleotide polymorphisms within the IL23R gene. 	 RESULTS
Intestinal IL17F gene expression is increased in active CD. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The IL17F p. 	 CONCLUSIONS
His161Arg polymorphism is not associated with IBD susceptibility and has no epistatic interaction with CD-associated IL23R variants. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The value of HER-2/neu status as a predictor of response to anthracycline-based chemotherapy is still a matter of debate. 	 OBJECTIVES
We evaluated the contribution of HER-2/neu gene amplification and other biologic markers in predicting response to different doses of neoadjuvant anthracycline-based chemotherapy. 	 OBJECTIVES
Clinical and pathologic records of 115 primary breast cancer patients were reviewed. 	 METHODS
Forty-eight and 67 patients received high (doxorubicin > or =20 mg/m2/wk; epirubicin > or =30 mg/m2/wk) and moderate-low anthracycline dose intensity regimens, respectively. 	 METHODS
Pathologic diagnosis, hormonal receptor status (HR), Ki67, and HER-2/neu status were assessed on tumor samples before neoadjuvant chemotherapy. 	 METHODS
HER-2/neu was determined by fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH). 	 METHODS
HER-2/neu amplification was observed in 29/115 (25%) tumors, 18 from moderate-low-dose and 11 from high-dose group. 	 RESULTS
In the univariate analysis, a high Ki67 index (> or =20%) and positive clinical axillary nodes were predictive of an objective tumor response (P = 0.033 and 0.001, respectively). 	 RESULTS
In the multivariate analysis, Ki67 was the only factor predictive of response (OR = 3.08, 95% CI = 1.1-8.5, P = 0.03). 	 RESULTS
HER-2/neu status was not a factor in predicting objective response to different anthracycline dose intensities. 	 RESULTS
The same finding was observed with regards to HR and Ki67. 	 RESULTS
In our series, no significant dose-response relationship was found according to HER-2/neu status. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The use of bisphosphonates for the prevention of skeletal related events in women with bone metastases from breast cancer is well established. 	 BACKGROUND
We undertook an evaluation of bisphosphonate use in clinical practice in three Canadian cancer centres. 	 BACKGROUND
In addition we assessed whether or not physicians at these centres are following their local treatment guidelines and funding policies. 	 BACKGROUND
Charts and electronic files of patients who had received either clodronate or pamidronate at any time between January 2000 and December 2001 at three Canadian cancer centres were retrospectively reviewed. 	 METHODS
There has been a marked improvement in the time between the diagnosis of bone metastases and the commencement of bisphosphonates from a median of 155 days in 1998 to 24 days in 2001. 	 RESULTS
However, despite a local funding policy requiring that oral clodronate be the first bisphosphonate used, this was the case in only 67% of patients. 	 RESULTS
In addition, despite one centre's guidelines recommending that bisphosphonates be stopped once the patient was progressing, 90% of their patients remained on bisphosphonates until they died. 	 RESULTS
A considerable amount of effort is spent on the creation of "evidence based" treatment guidelines. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Funding agencies develop policies based on these treatment guidelines, but often funding is more restrictive than the treatment guideline would suggest. 	 CONCLUSIONS
It is clear from this review that physicians still appear to manage a substantial proportion of patients outside of funding policies, but within evidence based recommendations. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Therefore, a need exists for either the creation of guidelines and policies that physicians will follow or the implementation of methods to ensure that restrictive policies are actually followed. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To determine whether an increased resting energy expenditure (REE) and weight loss in lung cancer patients are related to a systemic inflammatory response. 	 PURPOSE
was measured by indirect calorimetry using a ventilated hood system. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS REE
Soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor 55 (sTNF-R55) and sTNF-R75, soluble intercellular adhesion molecule (sICAM)-1, soluble E (sE)-selectin, lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-binding protein (LBP), interleukin (IL)-6, and TNF-alpha were measured using sandwich enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA), and C-reactive protein (CRP) was measured by turbidimetry. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS REE
A cross-sectional study was performed to compare inflammatory mediators between hypermetabolic (REE/Harris Benedict [HB] equation > or = 110%) versus normometabolic (REE/HB < 110%) patients and between patients who lost weight (more than 10% loss of preillness weight) versus those whose weight remained stable. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS REE
Eighty-seven patients with primary non-small-cell lung cancer were consecutively entered onto the study. 	 RESULTS
Mean REE expressed as a percentage of the HB reference values was 118% +/- 	 RESULTS
12%; 67 patients were considered hypermetabolic. 	 RESULTS
Twenty-six patients had a substantial loss of more than 10% of their preillness weight. 	 RESULTS
Hypermetabolic patients were found to have significantly increased levels of sTNF-R55, sE-selectin, LBP, and CRP compared with normometabolic patients. 	 RESULTS
Weight loss was related with increased levels of the sTNF-Rs, sICAM-1, IL-6, LBP, and CRP. 	 RESULTS
Hypermetabolism and weight loss are related to the presence of a systemic inflammatory response as reflected by enhanced levels of inflammatory mediators and acute phase proteins in patients with primary non-small-cell lung cancer. 	 CONCLUSION
To demonstrate the relation of exercise capacity and BMI to mortality in a population of male veterans with type 2 diabetes. 	 OBJECTIVE
After excluding two underweight patients (BMI <18.5 kg/m2), the study population comprised 831 consecutive patients with type 2 diabetes (mean age 61 +/- 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
9 years) referred for exercise testing for clinical reasons between 1995 and 2006. 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
Exercise capacity was determined from a maximal exercise test and measured in metabolic equivalents (METs). 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
Patients were classified both according to BMI category (18.5-24.9, 25.0-29.9, and > or =30 kg/m2) and by exercise capacity (<5.0 or > or =5.0 maximal METs). 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
The association among exercise capacity, BMI, other clinical variables, and all-cause mortality was assessed by Cox proportional hazards. 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
Study participants were followed for mortality up to 30 June 2006. 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
During a mean follow-up of 4.8 +/- 	 RESULTS
3.0 years, 112 patients died, for an average annual mortality rate of 2.2%. 	 RESULTS
Each 1-MET increase in exercise capacity conferred a 10% survival benefit (hazard ratio 0.90 [95% CI 0.82-0.98]; P = 0.01), but BMI was not significantly associated with mortality. 	 RESULTS
After adjustment for age, ethnicity, examination year, BMI, presence of cardiovascular disease (CVD), and CVD risk factors, diabetic patients achieving <5 maximal METs were 70% more likely to die (1.70 [1.13-2.54]) than those achieving > or =5 maximal METs. 	 RESULTS
There was a strong inverse association between exercise capacity and mortality in this cohort of men with documented diabetes, and this relationship was independent of BMI. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To determine the frequency of neurobehavioral signs and symptoms reported in every published case of traumatic encephalopathy with a view toward the development of clinical diagnostic criteria with predictive validity. 	 OBJECTIVES
Cases of persistent or progressive neurological or neurobehavioral change following exposure to one or more head injuries have been reported since 1928. 	 INTRODUCTION
This condition is often referred to as traumatic encephalopathy (TE). 	 INTRODUCTION
To date, however, no diagnostic criteria have been advanced or accepted for the clinical diagnosis of TE. 	 INTRODUCTION
Provisional research diagnostic criteria are required not only for meaningful diagnosis but also to facilitate research to determine the epidemiology, etiology, course, prognosis, imaging and biomarkers, neuropathological features and potentially effective treatments of TE. 	 INTRODUCTION
All 436 published cases of TE in all languages were reviewed. 	 METHODS
All symptoms and signs reported in these cases were classified and enumerated. 	 METHODS
Ninety-seven cases met inclusion criteria based on sufficient documentation of the history and neurobehavioral examination. 	 RESULTS
Provisional research diagnostic criteria for clinically probable and clinically possible TE were developed based on the most frequently reported clinical features. 	 RESULTS
The provisional diagnostic criteria for TE presented here are the first published criteria for this condition based upon a systematic analysis of its clinical characteristics. 	 CONCLUSION
This is the first a step toward scientifically derived consensus criteria, which are essential to accelerate progress in the investigation of this important condition. 	 CONCLUSION
To investigate hypoxia measured by pimonidazole binding, glucose transporter 1 (GLUT1) and carbonic anhydrase IX (CA-IX) expression, proliferation, and vascularity in liver metastases of colorectal cancer and to compare GLUT1 and CA-IX expression in corresponding primary tumors. 	 PURPOSE
Twenty-five patients with liver metastases of colorectal cancer, planned for metastasectomy, were included. 	 METHODS AND MATERIALS
The hypoxia marker pimonidazole and proliferation marker iododeoxyuridine were administered before surgery. 	 METHODS AND MATERIALS
After immunofluorescent staining of the frozen metastases, pimonidazole binding, vascularity, and proliferation were analyzed quantitatively. 	 METHODS AND MATERIALS
Thirteen paraffin-embedded primary tumors were stained immunohistochemically for GLUT1 and CA-IX expression, which was analyzed semiquantitatively in primary tumors and corresponding liver metastases. 	 METHODS AND MATERIALS
In liver metastases, pimonidazole binding showed a pattern consistent with diffusion-limited hypoxia. 	 RESULTS
The mean pimonidazole-positive fraction was 0.146; the mean distance from vessels to pimonidazole-positive areas was 80 microm. 	 RESULTS
When expressed, often co-localization was observed between pimonidazole binding and GLUT1 or CA-IX expression, but microregional areas of mismatch were also observed. 	 RESULTS
No correlation between the level of pimonidazole binding and GLUT1 or CA-IX expression was observed. 	 RESULTS
In some patients, a large fraction (up to 30%) of proliferating cells was present in pimonidazole-stained areas. 	 RESULTS
Expression of CA-IX in primary tumors and metastases showed a significant correlation, which was absent for GLUT1 expression. 	 RESULTS
Compared with other tumor types, liver metastases of colorectal cancer contain large amounts of hypoxic cells. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The lack of correlation with pimonidazole binding brings into question the value of GLUT1 and CA-IX as endogenous markers of hypoxia. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In patients with unstable coronary artery disease, there is a relation between the short-term risk of death and blood levels of troponin T (a marker of myocardial damage) and C-reactive protein and fibrinogen (markers of inflammation). 	 BACKGROUND
Using information obtained during an extension of the follow-up period in the Fragmin during Instability in Coronary Artery Disease trial, we evaluated the usefulness of troponin T, C-reactive protein, and fibrinogen levels and other indicators of risk as predictors of the long-term risk of death from cardiac causes. 	 BACKGROUND
Levels of C-reactive protein and fibrinogen at enrollment and the maximal level of troponin T during the first 24 hours after enrollment were analyzed in 917 patients included in a clinical trial of low-molecular-weight heparin in unstable coronary artery disease. 	 METHODS
The patients were followed for a mean of 37.0 months (range, 1.6 to 50.6). 	 METHODS
During follow-up, 1.2 percent of the 173 patients with maximal blood troponin T levels of less than 0.06 microg per liter died of cardiac causes, as compared with 8.7 percent of the 367 patients with levels of 0.06 to 0.59 microg per liter and 15.4 percent of the 377 patients with levels of at least 0.60 microg per liter (P=0.007 and P=0.001, respectively). 	 RESULTS
The rates of death from cardiac causes were 5.7 percent among the 314 patients with blood C-reactive protein levels of less than 2 mg per liter, 7.8 percent among the 294 with levels of 2 to 10 mg per liter, and 16.5 percent among the 309 with levels of more than 10 mg per liter (P=0.29 and P=0.001, respectively). 	 RESULTS
The rates of death from cardiac causes were 5.4 percent among the 314 patients with blood fibrinogen levels of less than 3.4 g per liter, 12.0 percent among the 300 with levels of 3.4 to 3.9 g per liter, and 12.9 percent among the 303 with levels of at least 4.0 g per liter (P=0.004 and P=0.69, respectively). 	 RESULTS
In a multivariate analysis, levels of troponin T and C-reactive protein were independent predictors of the risk of death from cardiac causes. 	 RESULTS
In unstable coronary artery disease, elevated levels of troponin T and C-reactive protein are strongly related to the long-term risk of death from cardiac causes. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These markers are independent risk factors, and their effects are additive with respect to each other and other clinical indicators of risk. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To conduct an economic analysis of the Hlabisa community-based directly observed therapy management strategy for tuberculosis and to project costs of three alternative strategies. 	 OBJECTIVE
Hlabisa health district, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. 	 SETTING
An economic analysis comparing the current tuberculosis management strategy in Hlabisa with three alternative strategies (the Hlabisa strategy prior to 1991 based on hospitalisation, the national strategy and sanatorium care) in terms of costs to both health service and patient and of cost-effectiveness. 	 METHODS
The current Hlabisa strategy was the most cost-effective (R3799 per patient cured), compared with R98307 for the strategy used prior to 1991, R9940 for the national strategy, and R11145 for sanatorium care. 	 RESULTS
Between 71% and 88% of treatment costs lie with the health service, and hospitalisation (R119 per day) is the most expensive item. 	 RESULTS
Prolonged hospitalisation is extremely expensive, but community care is cheaper (community clinic visit, R28; community health worker visit, R7). 	 RESULTS
The total cost of supervising a patient in the community under the current Hlabisa strategy was R503, equivalent to 4.2 days in hospital. 	 RESULTS
Drug costs (R157) are equivalent to just 1.3 days in hospital. 	 RESULTS
Cost to both health service and patient can be substantially reduced by using community-based directly observed therapy for tuberculosis, a strategy that is cheap and cost-effective in Hlabisa. 	 CONCLUSION
These findings have important national implications, supporting the goals of the new tuberculosis control programme. 	 CONCLUSION
The proinflammatory cytokine interleukin-18 (IL-18) putatively modulates food intake and energy metabolism, but the effects of IL-18 in high-fat diet fed animals are unknown. 	 OBJECTIVE
Whether IL-18 alters basal metabolic rate or metabolic processes of living is unknown. 	 OBJECTIVE
Here, we tested the hypothesis that IL-18 modulates weight gain, energy intake, whole-body energy expenditure, and utilization of lipid as a fuel substrate in high-fat diet fed mice. 	 OBJECTIVE
Food intake, whole-body metabolism, and motor activity of IL-18 knockout mice were compared to those of wildtype littermates; anorectic effects of intracerebroventricular IL-18 administration were compared between IL-18 receptor knockout, IL-18/IL-18R knockout and wildtype mice. 	 METHODS
Chow-reared IL-18 knockout mice were overweight at 6 months of age and then gained excess weight on both low-fat and high-fat diets, ate more high-fat diet, and showed reduced whole-body energy expenditure and increased respiratory exchange ratios. 	 RESULTS
Reductions in energy expenditure of IL-18 knockout mice were seen across fasting vs. feeding conditions, low- vs. high-fat diets, high vs. low levels of physical activity and times of day, suggesting actions on basal metabolic rate. 	 RESULTS
The circadian amplitude of energy expenditure, but not respiratory exchange ratio, food intake, or motor activity, also was blunted in IL-18 knockout mice. 	 RESULTS
Central IL-18 administration reduced high-fat diet intake in wildtype mice, but not in mice lacking the IL-18 receptor. 	 RESULTS
The loss-of-function results support the hypothesis that endogenous IL-18 suppresses appetite and promote energy expenditure and lipid fuel substrate utilization not only during sickness, but also in healthy adults consuming high-fat diets. 	 CONCLUSION
To describe the epidemiology of urban malaria, an emerging problem in sub-Saharan Africa. 	 OBJECTIVE
Cross-sectional surveys of communities in Accra and Kumasi, Ghana, determining risk factors for malaria infection and anaemia in children aged 6-60 months. 	 METHOD
Malaria prevalence rates ranged from 2% to 33% between urban communities. 	 RESULTS
47.1% of children were anaemic (Hb<11.0 g/dl). 	 RESULTS
Factors associated with malaria prevalence were low socio-economic status, age and anaemia. 	 RESULTS
The attributable risks of anaemia and severe anaemia (Hb<8.0 g/dl) caused by malaria were 5% and 23% respectively. 	 RESULTS
Malaria in urban areas displayed a heterogeneity and complexity that differed from the rural environment, which has important implications for malaria control. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Marked intra-city variation indicates the importance of targeting specific areas or districts. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The most vulnerable group, the urban poor, should be prioritized when designing control measures. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This would require careful assessment of the malaria risk pattern in any city to guide an integrated control program. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Delayed cerebral vasospasm causes permanent neurological deficits or death in at least 15% of patients following otherwise successful treatment for ruptured intracranial aneurysm. 	 CONTEXT
Decreased bioavailability of nitric oxide has been associated with the development of cerebral vasospasm. 	 CONTEXT
To determine whether infusions of nitrite will prevent delayed cerebral vasospasm. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND SUBJECTS A total of 14 anesthetized cynomolgus monkeys had an autologous blood clot placed around the right middle cerebral artery. 	 OBJECTIVE
Cerebral arteriography was performed before clot placement and on days 7 and 14 to assess vasospasm. 	 OBJECTIVE
The study was conducted from August 2003 to February 2004. 	 OBJECTIVE
A 90-mg sodium nitrite intravenous solution infused over 24 hours plus a 45-mg sodium nitrite bolus daily (n = 3); a 180-mg sodium nitrite intravenous solution infused over 24 hours (n = 3); or a control saline solution infusion (n = 8). 	 INTERVENTIONS
Each was infused continuously for 14 days. 	 INTERVENTIONS
Nitrite, S-nitrosothiol, and methemoglobin levels in blood and cerebrospinal fluid and degree of arteriographic vasospasm. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
In control monkeys, mean (SD) cerebrospinal fluid nitrite levels decreased from 3.1 (1.5) micromol/L to 0.4 (0.1) micromol/L at day 7 and to 0.4 (0.4) micromol/L at day 14 (P = .03). 	 RESULTS
All 8 control monkeys developed significant vasospasm of the right middle cerebral artery, which was complicated by stroke and death in 1 animal. 	 RESULTS
Sodium nitrite infusions increased the nitrite and methemoglobin levels (<2.1% of total hemoglobin) in the blood and cerebrospinal fluid without evoking systemic hypotension. 	 RESULTS
Nitrite infusion prevented development of vasospasm (no animals developed significant vasospasm; mean [SD] reduction in right middle cerebral artery area on day 7 after subarachnoid hemorrhage of 8% [9%] in nitrite-treated monkeys vs 47% [5%] in saline-treated controls; P<.001). 	 RESULTS
There was a negative correlation between the concentration of nitrite in cerebrospinal fluid and the degree of cerebral vasospasm (P<.001). 	 RESULTS
Pharmacological effects of nitrite infusion were also associated with the formation of S-nitrosothiol in cerebrospinal fluid. 	 RESULTS
There was no clinical or pathological evidence of nitrite toxicity. 	 RESULTS
Subacute sodium nitrite infusions prevented delayed cerebral vasospasm in a primate model of subarachnoid hemorrhage. 	 CONCLUSION
To assess the association between severity of neuropathy and disease stage, and estimate the rate of neuropathy progression in a retrospective cross-sectional analysis of a multinational population of patients with familial amyloidotic polyneuropathy (FAP). 	 OBJECTIVES
We characterize neuropathy severity and rate of progression in available patients with FAP in France, the United States, Portugal, and Italy. 	 METHODS
Neuropathy Impairment Scores (NIS), time from symptom onset to NIS measurement, polyneuropathy disability (PND) scores, FAP disease stage, and manual grip strength data were collected. 	 METHODS
We estimated neuropathy progression using Loess Fit and Gompertz Fit models. 	 METHODS
For the 283 patients studied (mean age, 56.4 years), intercountry genotypic variation in the transthyretin (TTR) mutation was observed, with the majority of patients in Portugal (92%) having early-onset Val30Met-FAP. 	 RESULTS
There was also marked intercountry variation in PND score, FAP stage, and TTR stabilizer use. 	 RESULTS
14 and 99 for stages 1 and 3, respectively; p < 0.0001). 	 NIS
In addition, there was an association between NIS and TTR genotype. 	 NIS
The estimated rate of NIS progression for a population with a median NIS of 32 was 14.3 points/year; the corresponding estimated rate for the modified NIS+7 is 17.8 points/year. 	 NIS
In a multinational population of patients with FAP, rapid neuropathic progression is observed and the severity of neuropathy is associated with functional scales of locomotion. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Despite improvements in mental health services in recent decades, it is unclear whether the risk of mortality in schizophrenia has changed over time. 	 CONTEXT
To explore the distribution of standardized mortality ratios (SMRs) for people with schizophrenia. 	 OBJECTIVE
Broad search terms were used in MEDLINE, PsychINFO, Web of Science, and Google Scholar to identify all studies that investigated mortality in schizophrenia, published between January 1, 1980, and January 31, 2006. 	 DATA SOURCES
References were also identified from review articles, reference lists, and communication with authors. 	 DATA SOURCES
Population-based studies that reported primary data on deaths in people with schizophrenia. 	 STUDY SELECTION
Operationalized criteria were used to extract key study features and mortality data. 	 DATA EXTRACTION
We examined the distribution of SMRs and pooled selected estimates using random-effects meta-analysis. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
We identified 37 articles drawn from 25 different nations. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
The median SMR for all persons for all-cause mortality was 2.58 (10%-90% quantile, 1.18-5.76), with a corresponding random-effects pooled SMR of 2.50 (95% confidence interval, 2.18-2.43). 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
No sex difference was detected. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
Suicide was associated with the highest SMR (12.86); however, most of the major causes-of-death categories were found to be elevated in people with schizophrenia. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
The SMRs for all-cause mortality have increased during recent decades (P = .03). 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
With respect to mortality, a substantial gap exists between the health of people with schizophrenia and the general community. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This differential mortality gap has worsened in recent decades. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In light of the potential for second-generation antipsychotic medications to further adversely influence mortality rates in the decades to come, optimizing the general health of people with schizophrenia warrants urgent attention. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Limited information exists regarding the role of left ventricular function in predicting exercise capacity and impact on age- and sex-related differences. 	 CONTEXT
To determine the impact of measures of cardiac function assessed by echocardiography on exercise capacity and to determine if these associations are modified by sex or advancing age. 	 OBJECTIVES
Cross-sectional study of patients undergoing exercise echocardiography with routine measurements of left ventricular systolic and diastolic function by 2-dimensional and Doppler techniques. 	 DESIGN
Analyses were conducted to determine the strongest correlates of exercise capacity and the age and sex interactions of these variables with exercise capacity. 	 DESIGN
Large tertiary referral center in Rochester, Minnesota, in 2006. 	 SETTING
Patients undergoing exercise echocardiography using the Bruce protocol (N = 2867). 	 PARTICIPANTS
Patients with echocardiographic evidence of exercise-induced ischemia, ejection fractions lower than 50%, or significant valvular heart disease were excluded. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Exercise capacity in metabolic equivalents (METs). 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
Diastolic dysfunction was strongly and inversely associated with exercise capacity. 	 RESULTS
Compared with normal function, after multivariate adjustment, those with moderate/severe resting diastolic dysfunction (-1.30 METs; 95% confidence interval [CI], -1.52 to -0.99; P < .001) and mild resting diastolic dysfunction (-0.70 METs; 95% CI, -0.88 to -0.46; P < .001) had substantially lower exercise capacity. 	 RESULTS
Variation of left ventricular systolic function within the normal range was not associated with exercise capacity. 	 RESULTS
Left ventricular filling pressures measured by resting E/e' of 15 or greater (-0.41 METs; 95% CI, -0.70 to -0.11; P = .007) or postexercise E/e' of 15 or greater (-0.41 METs; 95% CI, -0.71 to -0.11; P = .007) were similarly associated with a reduction in exercise capacity, each in separate multivariate analyses. 	 RESULTS
Individuals with impaired relaxation (mild dysfunction) or resting E/e' of 15 or greater had a progressive increase in the magnitude of reduction in exercise capacity with advancing age (P < .001 and P = .02, respectively). 	 RESULTS
Other independent correlates of exercise capacity were age (unstandardized beta coefficient, -0.85 METs; 95% CI, -0.92 to -0.77, per 10-year increment; P < .001), female sex (-1.98 METs; 95% CI, -2.15 to -1.84; P < .001), and body mass index greater than 30 (-1.24 METs; 95% CI, -1.41 to -1.10; P < .001). 	 RESULTS
In this large cross-sectional study of those referred for exercise echocardiography and not limited by ischemia, abnormalities of left ventricular diastolic function were independently associated with exercise capacity. 	 CONCLUSION
The GOLD guidelines advocate not to institute inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) in patients with mild-to-moderate COPD. 	 INTRODUCTION
However, many patients do use ICS and in some patients, withdrawal is associated with deteriorating lung function and increased exacerbation rates. 	 INTRODUCTION
Unfortunately, physicians do not know in which patients they can stop ICS treatment safely. 	 INTRODUCTION
To identify predictors of COPD exacerbations after ICS withdrawal. 	 AIM
During ICS treatment, post-bronchodilator spirometry, body plethysmography, and health status assessment were performed in 68 COPD patients using ICS. 	 METHODS
Additionally, sputum cell differentials, supernatant leukotriene B(4), eosinophilic cationic protein, and myeloperoxidase, serum C-reactive protein and soluble intracellular adhesion molecule, and urinary desmosine were assessed. 	 METHODS
Sputum was also analysed for mRNA levels of haemoxygenase-1, tumour necrosis factor-α, RANTES, interleukin 5(IL-5), IL-10, IL-12, IL-13, transforming growth factor-β, and interferon-γ. 	 METHODS
Cox regression analyses were performed using time to exacerbation as outcome variable to identify significant hazards for a COPD exacerbation after ICS withdrawal. 	 STATISTICS
Higher sputum % eosinophils, higher sputum MPO/neutrophil level, longer duration of COPD symptoms, <40 packyears smoking, and ICS withdrawal in November, December or January were significant hazards (all p<0.05) for experiencing a COPD exacerbation after ICS withdrawal in a monovariate model. 	 RESULTS
In a multivariate model, all factors proved independent predictors except for sputum MPO/neutrophil level. 	 RESULTS
Decisions on whether or not inhaled corticosteroids can be safely withdrawn in mild-to-moderate COPD can be facilitated by assessment of sputum inflammation, particularly eosinophil numbers, next to packyears smoking, season, and duration of COPD symptoms. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPAR) regulate lipid and glucose metabolism but their anticancer properties have been recently studied as well. 	 PURPOSE
We previously reported the antimetastatic activity of the PPARalpha ligand, fenofibrate, against melanoma tumors in vivo. 	 PURPOSE
Here we investigated possible molecular mechanisms of fenofibrate anti metastatic action. 	 PURPOSE
Monolayer cultures of mouse (B16F10) and human (SkMell88) melanoma cell lines, soft agar assay, and cell migration assay were used in this study. 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
In addition, we analyzed PPARalpha expression and its transcriptional activity in response to fenotibrate by using Western blots and liciferase-based reporter system. 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Fenofibrate inhibited migration of B16F10 and SkMel188 cells in Transwell chambers and colony formation in soft agar. 	 RESULTS
These effects were reversed by PPAR inhibitor, GW9662. 	 RESULTS
Western blot analysis revealed time-dependent down-regulation of Akt and extracellular signal-regulated kinase l/2 phosphorylation in fenofibrate-treated cells. 	 RESULTS
A B16F10 cell line stably expressing constitutively active Akt mutant was resistant to fenofibrate. 	 RESULTS
In contrast, Akt gene silencing with siRNA mimicked the fenofibrate action and reduced the migratory ability of B16F1O cells. 	 RESULTS
In addition, fenofibrate strongly sensitized BI6FIO cells to the proapoptotic drug staurosporine, further supporting the possibility that fenofibrate-induced down-regulation of Akt function contributes to fenofibrate-mediated inhibition of metastatic potential in this experimental model. 	 RESULTS
Our results show that the PPAR-dependent antimetastatic activity of fenofibrate involves down-regulation of Akt phosphorylation and suggest that supplementation with this drug may improve the effectiveness of melanoma chemotherapy. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Mutations in the leucine rich, glioma inactivated gene (LGI1) were recently described in a small number of families with autosomal dominant lateral temporal epilepsy (ADLTE). 	 PURPOSE
is characterized by partial seizures with symptoms suggestive of a lateral temporal onset, including frequent auditory aura. 	 ADLTE
Here we report the results of clinical and genetic analyses of two newly identified families with ADTLE. 	 ADLTE
We identified two families whose seizure semiology was suggestive of ADLTE. 	 METHODS
Evaluation included a detailed history and neurologic examination, as well as collection of DNA. 	 METHODS
The coding sequence of the LGI1 gene from affected subjects from both families was analyzed for evidence of mutation. 	 METHODS
Each patient had a history of partial seizures, often with secondary generalization earlier in the course. 	 RESULTS
Auditory aura was reported by approximately two thirds of affected patients in each pedigree. 	 RESULTS
Novel mutations in LGI1 were detected in both families. 	 RESULTS
A heterozygous single-nucleotide deletion at position 329 (del 329C) was detected in affected individuals from one family, whereas patients from the second family had a nonsynonymous variation, corresponding to C435G. 	 RESULTS
We identified two novel mutations in the LGI1 gene. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The phenotype of these two families was similar to that of other kindreds with ADLTE, as auditory aura was absent in one third of affected individuals. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Our results further support that LGI1 mutations should be considered in patients with a history of partial seizures if the semiology of seizures is consistent with the onset in the lateral temporal lobe. 	 CONCLUSIONS
More than 80% of deaths from cardiovascular disease are estimated to occur in low-income and middle-income countries, but the reasons are unknown. 	 BACKGROUND
We enrolled 156,424 persons from 628 urban and rural communities in 17 countries (3 high-income, 10 middle-income, and 4 low-income countries) and assessed their cardiovascular risk using the INTERHEART Risk Score, a validated score for quantifying risk-factor burden without the use of laboratory testing (with higher scores indicating greater risk-factor burden). 	 METHODS
Participants were followed for incident cardiovascular disease and death for a mean of 4.1 years. 	 METHODS
The mean 	 RESULTS
Risk Score was highest in high-income countries, intermediate in middle-income countries, and lowest in low-income countries (P<0.001). 	 INTERHEART
However, the rates of major cardiovascular events (death from cardiovascular causes, myocardial infarction, stroke, or heart failure) were lower in high-income countries than in middle- and low-income countries (3.99 events per 1000 person-years vs. 5.38 and 6.43 events per 1000 person-years, respectively; P<0.001). 	 INTERHEART
Case fatality rates were also lowest in high-income countries (6.5%, 15.9%, and 17.3% in high-, middle-, and low-income countries, respectively; P=0.01). 	 INTERHEART
Urban communities had a higher risk-factor burden than rural communities but lower rates of cardiovascular events (4.83 vs. 6.25 events per 1000 person-years, P<0.001) and case fatality rates (13.52% vs. 17.25%, P<0.001). 	 INTERHEART
The use of preventive medications and revascularization procedures was significantly more common in high-income countries than in middle- or low-income countries (P<0.001). 	 INTERHEART
Although the risk-factor burden was lowest in low-income countries, the rates of major cardiovascular disease and death were substantially higher in low-income countries than in high-income countries. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The high burden of risk factors in high-income countries may have been mitigated by better control of risk factors and more frequent use of proven pharmacologic therapies and revascularization. 	 CONCLUSIONS
(Funded by the Population Health Research Institute and others.). 	 CONCLUSIONS
T cell immunoglobulin and mucin domain (Tim) proteins are expressed by numerous immune cells, recognize phosphatidylserine on apoptotic cells, and function as costimulators or coinhibitors. 	 OBJECTIVE
Tim-1 is expressed by activated T cells but is also found on dendritic cells and B cells. 	 OBJECTIVE
Tim-4, present on macrophages and dendritic cells, plays a critical role in apoptotic cell clearance, regulates the number of phosphatidylserine-expressing activated T cells, and is genetically associated with low low-density lipoprotein and triglyceride levels. 	 OBJECTIVE
Because these functions of Tim-1 and Tim-4 could affect atherosclerosis, their modulation has potential therapeutic value in cardiovascular disease. 	 OBJECTIVE
ldlr(-/-) mice were fed a high-fat diet for 4 weeks while being treated with control (rat immunoglobulin G1) or anti-Tim-1 (3D10) or -Tim-4 (21H12) monoclonal antibodies that block phosphatidylserine recognition and phagocytosis. 	 APPROACH AND RESULTS
Both anti-Tim-1 and anti-Tim-4 treatments enhanced atherosclerosis by 45% compared with controls by impairment of efferocytosis and increasing aortic CD4(+)T cells. 	 APPROACH AND RESULTS
Consistently, anti-Tim-4-treated mice showed increased percentages of activated T cells and late apoptotic cells in the circulation. 	 APPROACH AND RESULTS
Moreover, in vitro blockade of Tim-4 inhibited efferocytosis of oxidized low-density lipoprotein-induced apoptotic macrophages. 	 APPROACH AND RESULTS
Although anti-Tim-4 treatment increased T helper cell (Th)1 and Th2 responses, anti-Tim-1 induced Th2 responses but dramatically reduced the percentage of regulatory T cells. 	 APPROACH AND RESULTS
Finally, combined blockade of Tim-1 and Tim-4 increased atherosclerotic lesion size by 59%. 	 APPROACH AND RESULTS
Blockade of Tim-4 aggravates atherosclerosis likely by prevention of phagocytosis of phosphatidylserine-expressing apoptotic cells and activated T cells by Tim-4-expressing cells, whereas Tim-1-associated effects on atherosclerosis are related to changes in Th1/Th2 balance and reduced circulating regulatory T cells. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To determine the relative accuracy of clinic measurements and home blood pressure monitoring compared with ambulatory blood pressure monitoring as a reference standard for the diagnosis of hypertension. 	 OBJECTIVE
Systematic review with meta-analysis with hierarchical summary receiver operating characteristic models. 	 DESIGN
Methodological quality was appraised, including evidence of validation of blood pressure measurement equipment. 	 DESIGN
Medline (from 1966), Embase (from 1980), Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, DARE, Medion, ARIF, and TRIP up to May 2010. 	 DATA SOURCES
Eligibility criteria for selecting studies Eligible studies examined diagnosis of hypertension in adults of all ages using home and/or clinic blood pressure measurement compared with those made using ambulatory monitoring that clearly defined thresholds to diagnose hypertension. 	 DATA SOURCES
The 20 eligible studies used various thresholds for the diagnosis of hypertension, and only seven studies (clinic) and three studies (home) could be directly compared with ambulatory monitoring. 	 RESULTS
Compared with ambulatory monitoring thresholds of 135/85 mm Hg, clinic measurements over 140/90 mm Hg had mean sensitivity and specificity of 74.6% (95% confidence interval 60.7% to 84.8%) and 74.6% (47.9% to 90.4%), respectively, whereas home measurements over 135/85 mm Hg had mean sensitivity and specificity of 85.7% (78.0% to 91.0%) and 62.4% (48.0% to 75.0%). 	 RESULTS
Neither clinic nor home measurement had sufficient sensitivity or specificity to be recommended as a single diagnostic test. 	 CONCLUSIONS
If ambulatory monitoring is taken as the reference standard, then treatment decisions based on clinic or home blood pressure alone might result in substantial overdiagnosis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Ambulatory monitoring before the start of lifelong drug treatment might lead to more appropriate targeting of treatment, particularly around the diagnostic threshold. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Corin has been suggested to be associated with hypertension by cell- and animal-based studies. 	 BACKGROUND
However, the association still lacks population-based evidence which critically promotes translation from basic research to clinical and preventive practice. 	 BACKGROUND
Here, we aimed to explore the association in a general population of China. 	 BACKGROUND
From January to May 2010, we conducted a cross-sectional study in 2,498 participants aged above 30 years, residing in Gusu district of Suzhou. 	 METHODS
Serum soluble corin and blood pressure were measured. 	 METHODS
Hypertensive participants had a higher level of serum corin than nonhypertensive participants (median (interquartile range): 1,836.83 (1,497.85-2,327.87) pg/ml vs. 1,579.14 (1,322.18-1,956.82) pg/ml, P < 0.001). 	 RESULTS
Higher serum corin was positively associated with prevalent hypertension (odds ratio (OR) = 2.01, P < 0.001). 	 RESULTS
In the multiple analysis, participants in the third (OR = 1.43, P = 0.007) and fourth (OR = 1.96, P < 0.001) quartiles had significantly increased odds of hypertension compared to those in the lowest quartile of serum corin. 	 RESULTS
ORs of hypertension positively and significantly increased with serum corin levels (P for trend <0.001). 	 RESULTS
Further subgroup analysis showed that ORs of hypertension associated with high corin (over the median level of serum corin: 1,689.20 pg/ml) were still significant in subgroups by age, body mass index, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and fasting plasma glucose (all P < 0.05). 	 RESULTS
Our study showed that hypertensive participants had an increased serum corin level compared to those without hypertension. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This ﬁnding suggests that corin may play a role in the pathology of hypertension. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Two inflammatory disorders, type 1 diabetes and celiac disease, cosegregate in populations, suggesting a common genetic origin. 	 BACKGROUND
Since both diseases are associated with the HLA class II genes on chromosome 6p21, we tested whether non-HLA loci are shared. 	 BACKGROUND
We evaluated the association between type 1 diabetes and eight loci related to the risk of celiac disease by genotyping and statistical analyses of DNA samples from 8064 patients with type 1 diabetes, 9339 control subjects, and 2828 families providing 3064 parent-child trios (consisting of an affected child and both biologic parents). 	 METHODS
We also investigated 18 loci associated with type 1 diabetes in 2560 patients with celiac disease and 9339 control subjects. 	 METHODS
Three celiac disease loci--RGS1 on chromosome 1q31, IL18RAP on chromosome 2q12, and TAGAP on chromosome 6q25--were associated with type 1 diabetes (P<1.00x10(-4)). 	 RESULTS
The 32-bp insertion-deletion variant on chromosome 3p21 was newly identified as a type 1 diabetes locus (P=1.81x10(-8)) and was also associated with celiac disease, along with PTPN2 on chromosome 18p11 and CTLA4 on chromosome 2q33, bringing the total number of loci with evidence of a shared association to seven, including SH2B3 on chromosome 12q24. 	 RESULTS
The effects of the IL18RAP and TAGAP alleles confer protection in type 1 diabetes and susceptibility in celiac disease. 	 RESULTS
Loci with distinct effects in the two diseases included INS on chromosome 11p15, IL2RA on chromosome 10p15, and PTPN22 on chromosome 1p13 in type 1 diabetes and IL12A on 3q25 and LPP on 3q28 in celiac disease. 	 RESULTS
A genetic susceptibility to both type 1 diabetes and celiac disease shares common alleles. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These data suggest that common biologic mechanisms, such as autoimmunity-related tissue damage and intolerance to dietary antigens, may be etiologic features of both diseases. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Fatal adverse events (FAEs) have been reported in cancer patients treated with the widely used angiogenesis inhibitor bevacizumab in combination with chemotherapy. 	 CONTEXT
Currently, the role of bevacizumab in treatment-related mortality is not clear. 	 CONTEXT
To perform a systematic review and meta-analysis of published randomized controlled trials (RCTs) to determine the overall risk of FAEs associated with bevacizumab. 	 OBJECTIVE
PubMed, EMBASE, and Web of Science databases as well as abstracts presented at American Society of Clinical Oncology conferences from January 1966 to October 2010 were searched to identify relevant studies. 	 DATA SOURCES
Eligible studies included prospective RCTs in which bevacizumab in combination with chemotherapy or biological therapy was compared with chemotherapy or biological therapy alone. 	 STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION
Summary incidence rates, relative risks (RRs), and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using fixed- or random-effects models. 	 STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION
A total of 10,217 patients with a variety of advanced solid tumors from 16 RCTs were included in the analysis. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
The overall incidence of FAEs with bevacizumab was 2.5% (95% CI, 1.7%-3.9%). 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
Compared with chemotherapy alone, the addition of bevacizumab was associated with an increased risk of FAEs, with an RR of 1.46 (95% CI, 1.09-1.94; P = .01; incidence, 2.5% vs 1.7%). 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
This association varied significantly with chemotherapeutic agents (P = .045) but not with tumor types (P = .13) or bevacizumab doses (P = .16). 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
Bevacizumab was associated with an increased risk of FAEs in patients receiving taxanes or platinum agents (RR, 3.49; 95% CI, 1.82-6.66; incidence, 3.3% vs 1.0%) but was not associated with increased risk of FAEs when used in conjunction with other agents (RR, 0.85; 95% CI, 0.25-2.88; incidence, 0.8% vs 0.9%). 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
The most common causes of FAEs were hemorrhage (23.5%), neutropenia (12.2%), and gastrointestinal tract perforation (7.1%). 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
In a meta-analysis of RCTs, bevacizumab in combination with chemotherapy or biological therapy, compared with chemotherapy alone, was associated with increased treatment-related mortality. 	 CONCLUSION
To determine rates of suicide associated with pregnancy by the type of pregnancy. 	 OBJECTIVE
Register linkage study. 	 DESIGN
Information on suicides in women of reproductive age was linked with the Finnish birth, abortion, and hospital discharge registers to find out how many women who committed suicide had had a completed pregnancy during her last year of life. 	 DESIGN
Nationwide data from Finland. 	 SETTING
Women who committed suicide in 1987-94. 	 SUBJECTS
There were 73 suicides associated with pregnancy, representing 5.4% of all suicides in women in this age group. 	 RESULTS
The mean annual suicide rate was 11.3 per 100,000. 	 RESULTS
The suicide rate associated with birth was significantly lower (5.9) and the rates associated with miscarriage (18.1) and induced abortion (34.7) were significantly higher than in the population. 	 RESULTS
The risk associated with birth was higher among teenagers and that associated with abortion was increased in all age groups. 	 RESULTS
Women who had committed a suicide tended to come from lower social classes and were more likely to be unmarried than other women who had had a completed pregnancy. 	 RESULTS
The increased risk of suicide after an induced abortion indicates either common risk factors for both or harmful effects of induced abortion on mental health. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Lactic acidosis is a well recognized complication of biguanide therapy which is potentially serious. 	 AIMS
Although the prevalence of metformin-associated lactic acidosis (MALA) is much lower than that associated with phenformin, it is still being reported sporadically which raises concerns for the practising clinicians. 	 AIMS
We review the currently available world-wide data of the prevalence of MALA, the risk factors for its development and the current practical guidelines on the use of metformin to minimize the risk of this potential hazard. 	 AIMS
An extensive literature search was conducted from both Medline and Ovid (1965-98) using the following keywords: 'Type 2 diabetes mellitus', 'oral hypoglycaemic drugs', 'biguanides', 'metformin-associated lactic acidosis' and 'renal impairment'. 	 METHODS
was found to be a very rare clinical entity, being 20 times less common than phenformin-associated lactic acidosis. 	 RESULTS MALA
Amongst all the risk factors, renal impairment appears to be the major precipitating factor for the development of MALA in metformin-treated patients. 	 RESULTS MALA
We also found cases of MALA where no precipitating factors were identified and the underlying mechanism in these cases remains unclear. 	 RESULTS MALA
Practical recommendations of metformin use to minimize the risk of MALA have been listed based on previous reports. 	 RESULTS MALA
The low prevalence of MALA is comparable to the prevalence of sulphonylurea-induced hypoglycaemia. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Metformin has many beneficial metabolic effects in the management of Type 2 diabetes mellitus. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Provided that the recommended guidelines for metformin use are strictly adhered to, its widespread use would be safe and the incidence of MALA will be further reduced. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To establish the mental health needs of homeless children and families before and after rehousing. 	 OBJECTIVE
Cross sectional, longitudinal study. 	 DESIGN
City of Birmingham. 	 SETTING
58 rehoused families with 103 children aged 2-16 years and 21 comparison families of low socioeconomic status in stable housing, with 54 children. 	 SUBJECTS
Children's mental health problems and level of communication; mothers' mental health problems and social support one year after rehousing. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Mental health problems remained significantly higher in rehoused mothers and their children than in the comparison group (mothers 26% v 5%, P = 0.04; children 39% v 11%, P = 0.0003). 	 RESULTS
Homeless mothers continued to have significantly less social support at follow up. 	 RESULTS
Mothers with a history of abuse and poor social integration were more likely to have children with persistent mental health problems. 	 RESULTS
Homeless families have a high level of complex needs that cannot be met by conventional health services and arrangements. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Local strategies for rapid rehousing into permanent accommodation, effective social support and health care for parents and children, and protection from violence and intimidation should be developed and implemented. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Circulating tumor cells (CTCs) and [(18)F]fluorodeoxyglucose (FDG) positron emission tomography (PET)/computed tomography (CT) are two new promising tools for therapeutic monitoring. 	 PURPOSE
In this study, we compared the prognostic value of CTC and FDG-PET/CT monitoring during systemic therapy for metastatic breast cancer (MBC). 	 PURPOSE
A retrospective analyses of 115 MBC patients who started a new line of therapy and who had CTC counts and FDG-PET/CT scans performed at baseline and at 9 to 12 weeks during therapy (midtherapy) was performed. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Patients were categorized according to midtherapy CTC counts as favorable (ie, < five CTCs/7.5 mL blood) or unfavorable (> or = five CTCs/7.5 mL blood) outcomes. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
counts and FDG-PET/CT response at midtherapy were compared, and univariate and multivariate analyses were performed to identify factors associated with survival. 	 CTC
In 102 evaluable patients, the median overall survival time was 14 months (range, 1 to > 41 months). 	 RESULTS
Midtherapy CTC levels correlated with FDG-PET/CT response in 68 (67%) of 102 evaluable patients. 	 RESULTS
In univariate analysis, midtherapy CTC counts and FDG-PET/CT response predicted overall survival (P < .001 and P = .001, respectively). 	 RESULTS
FDG-PET/CT predicted overall survival (P = .0086) in 31 (91%) of 34 discordant patients who had fewer than five CTCs at midtherapy. 	 RESULTS
Only midtherapy CTC levels remained significant in a multivariate analysis (P = .004). 	 RESULTS
Detection of five or more CTCs during therapeutic monitoring can accurately predict prognosis in MBC beyond metabolic response. 	 CONCLUSION
FDG-PET/CT deserves a role in patients who have fewer than five CTCs at midtherapy. 	 CONCLUSION
Prospective trials should evaluate the most sensitive and cost-effective modality for therapeutic monitoring in MBC. 	 CONCLUSION
The quality of histopathology slides of endoscopic biopsies from different laboratories varies, but the effect of biopsy quality on outcome is unknown. 	 BACKGROUND
The ability to demonstrate a histologic lesion in the stomach or duodenum of a dog or cat is affected by the quality of endoscopic biopsy samples submitted. 	 HYPOTHESIS
More endoscopic samples are needed to find a lesion in poor-quality tissue specimens. 	 HYPOTHESIS
Tissues from 99 dogs and 51 cats were examined as clinical cases at 8 veterinary institutions or practices in 5 countries. 	 ANIMALS
Histopathology slides from sequential cases that underwent endoscopic biopsy were submitted by participating institutions. 	 METHODS
Quality of the histologic section of tissue (inadequate, marginal, adequate), type of lesion (lymphangiectasia, crypt lesion, villus blunting, cellular infiltrate), and severity of lesion (normal, mild, moderate, severe) were determined. 	 METHODS
Sensitivity of different quality tissue samples for finding different lesions was determined. 	 METHODS
Fewer samples were required from dogs for diagnosis as the quality of the sample improved from inadequate to marginal to adequate. 	 RESULTS
Duodenal lesions in cats displayed the same trend except for moderate duodenal infiltrates for which quality of tissue sample made no difference. 	 RESULTS
Gastric lesions in dogs and mild gastric lesions in cats had the same trend, whereas the number of tissue samples needed to diagnose moderately severe gastric lesions in cats was not affected by the quality of tissue sample. 	 RESULTS
The quality of endoscopically obtained tissue samples has a profound effect on their sensitivity for identifying certain lesions, and there are differences between biopsies of canine and feline tissues. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL IMPORTANCE
Angiotensin receptor blockers (ARB) and angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors are known to reduce proteinuria. 	 BACKGROUND
Their combination might be more effective than either treatment alone, but long-term data for comparative changes in renal function are not available. 	 BACKGROUND
We investigated the renal effects of ramipril (an ACE inhibitor), telmisartan (an ARB), and their combination in patients aged 55 years or older with established atherosclerotic vascular disease or with diabetes with end-organ damage. 	 BACKGROUND
The trial ran from 2001 to 2007. 	 METHODS
After a 3-week run-in period, 25 620 participants were randomly assigned to ramipril 10 mg a day (n=8576), telmisartan 80 mg a day (n=8542), or to a combination of both drugs (n=8502; median follow-up was 56 months), and renal function and proteinuria were measured. 	 METHODS
The primary renal outcome was a composite of dialysis, doubling of serum creatinine, and death. 	 METHODS
Analysis was by intention to treat. 	 METHODS
This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00153101. 	 METHODS
784 patients permanently discontinued randomised therapy during the trial because of hypotensive symptoms (406 on combination therapy, 149 on ramipril, and 229 on telmisartan). 	 FINDINGS
The number of events for the composite primary outcome was similar for telmisartan (n=1147 [13.4%]) and ramipril (1150 [13.5%]; hazard ratio [HR] 1.00, 95% CI 0.92-1.09), but was increased with combination therapy (1233 [14.5%]; HR 1.09, 1.01-1.18, p=0.037). 	 FINDINGS
The secondary renal outcome, dialysis or doubling of serum creatinine, was similar with telmisartan (189 [2.21%]) and ramipril (174 [2.03%]; HR 1.09, 0.89-1.34) and more frequent with combination therapy (212 [2.49%]: HR 1.24, 1.01-1.51, p=0.038). 	 FINDINGS
Estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) declined least with ramipril compared with telmisartan (-2.82 [SD 17.2] mL/min/1.73 m(2)vs -4.12 [17.4], p<0.0001) or combination therapy (-6.11 [17.9], p<0.0001). 	 FINDINGS
The increase in urinary albumin excretion was less with telmisartan (p=0.004) or with combination therapy (p=0.001) than with ramipril. 	 FINDINGS
In people at high vascular risk, telmisartan's effects on major renal outcomes are similar to ramipril. 	 INTERPRETATION
Although combination therapy reduces proteinuria to a greater extent than monotherapy, overall it worsens major renal outcomes. 	 INTERPRETATION
Prolonged hypothermia, as occurs during solid organ transplantation, negatively influences transplantation outcome. 	 BACKGROUND
Proteolysis is one of the deleterious events implicated in preservation injury of organ allografts. 	 BACKGROUND
This strongly affects graft quality and hence immediate organ function. 	 BACKGROUND
Since donor catecholamine treatment improves transplantation outcome after renal transplantation, the present study was conducted to examine the influence of dopamine (DA) pretreatment on hypothermia induced proteolysis in endothelial cells subjected to prolonged cold storage. 	 BACKGROUND
Lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) assay, two-dimensional electrophoresis, ubiquitination analysis, intracellular calcium measurement, and Western blot analysis were performed on human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) subjected to hypothermic preservation or not. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
were highly susceptible to cold storage, which was reflected by morphological changes, loss of viability, and by significant changes in cellular proteome. 	 RESULTS HUVEC
DA pretreatment prevented cell death during cold storage. 	 RESULTS HUVEC
Western blot analysis demonstrated a time dependent up-regulation of calpain 1 and 2 during cold storage, which could be prevented by addition of EDTA. 	 RESULTS HUVEC
DA pretreatment abolished autoproteolysis of calpain 1. 	 RESULTS HUVEC
Analysis of ubiquitination revealed a significant increase in ubiquitinated conjugates after cold storage. 	 RESULTS HUVEC
This was not prevented by DA pretreatment. 	 RESULTS HUVEC
Neither proteasome nor calpain inhibitors prevented cell death during cold storage. 	 RESULTS HUVEC
In endothelial cells subjected to cold preservation, activation of the calpain pathway and the ubiquitin proteasome system occur. 	 CONCLUSION
Although DA pretreatment inhibits the former, calpain inhibition did not protect endothelial cells during cold storage. 	 CONCLUSION
DA pretreatment might influence proteolysis, but proteolysis is not the major cause of endothelial cell death. 	 CONCLUSION
Increased expression of the tetraspanin TSPAN7 has been observed in a number of cancers; however, it is unclear how TSPAN7 plays a role in cancer progression. 	 BACKGROUND
We investigated the expression of TSPAN7 in the haematological malignancy multiple myleoma (MM) and assessed the consequences of TSPAN7 expression in the adhesion, migration and growth of MM plasma cells (PC) in vitro and in bone marrow (BM) homing and tumour growth in vivo. 	 METHODS
Finally, we characterised the association of TSPAN7 with cell surface partner molecules in vitro. 	 METHODS
TSPAN7 was found to be highly expressed at the RNA and protein level in CD138(+) MM PC from approximately 50% of MM patients. 	 RESULTS
TSPAN7 overexpression in the murine myeloma cell line 5TGM1 significantly reduced tumour burden in 5TGM1/KaLwRij mice 4 weeks after intravenous adminstration of 5TGM1 cells. 	 RESULTS
While TSPAN7 overexpression did not affect cell proliferation in vitro, TSPAN7 increased 5TGM1 cell adhesion to BM stromal cells and transendothelial migration. 	 RESULTS
In addition, TSPAN7 was found to associate with the molecular chaperone calnexin on the cell surface. 	 RESULTS
These results suggest that elevated TSPAN7 may be associated with better outcomes for up to 50% of MM patients. 	 CONCLUSION
Dual eligibles, persons who qualify for both Medicare and Medicaid coverage, often receive poorer quality care relative to other Medicare beneficiaries. 	 BACKGROUND
To determine whether dual eligibles are discharged to lower quality post-acute skilled nursing facilities (SNFs) compared with Medicare-only beneficiaries. 	 OBJECTIVES
Following the random utility maximization model, we specified a discharge function using a conditional logit model and tested how this discharge rule varied by dual-eligibility status. 	 RESEARCH DESIGN
A total of 692,875 Medicare fee-for-service patients (22% duals) who were discharged for Medicare paid SNF care between July 2004 and June 2005. 	 SUBJECTS
Medicare enrollment and the Medicaid Analytic Extract files were used to determine dual eligibility. 	 MEASURES
The proportion of Medicaid patients and nursing staff characteristics provided measures of SNF quality. 	 MEASURES
Duals are more likely to be discharged to SNFs with a higher share of Medicaid patients and fewer nurses. 	 RESULTS
These results are robust to estimation with an alternative subsample of patients based on primary diagnoses, propensity of being dual eligible, and likelihood of remaining in the nursing home. 	 RESULTS
Disparities exist in access to quality SNF care for duals. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Strategies to improve discharge planning processes are required to redirect patients to higher quality providers, regardless of Medicaid eligibility. 	 CONCLUSIONS
OF REVIEW The 2009 pandemic HIN1 influenza strain (H1N12009) produced more severe disease and increased risk for mortality. 	 PURPOSE
As an at-risk population for more severe influenza illness, particular concern regarding HIV patients triggered a focused effort to evaluate disease burden and vaccine efficacy in these populations. 	 PURPOSE
As with other immune-compromised individuals, most HIV-infected individuals recovered without major consequence. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
Although HIV infection was assumed to be a risk factor for more severe disease and death, the published literature does not indicate this to be so. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
Neuraminadase inhibitors were well tolerated by this population and there was no evidence of clinically significant pharmacokinetic interactions with antiretroviral therapy. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
Immunogenicity was increased with H1N12009 vaccine compared to the historical results of nonpandemic vaccines and optimized by the use of adjuvants. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
Booster dosing was also of benefit. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
H1N12009 vaccine was generally well tolerated without evidence of detrimental effect on HIV status. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
The worse case scenario was not realized for H1N12009 in the general population or in those with HIV. 	 SUMMARY
Immunization with adjuvant represents a key measure to protect this population from H1N12009 and other future novel influenza strains. 	 SUMMARY
Therapies to target prostate cancer bone metastases have only limited effects. 	 PURPOSE
New treatments are focused on the interaction between cancer cells, bone marrow cells and the bone matrix. 	 PURPOSE
Osteoclasts play an important role in the development of bone tumors caused by prostate cancer. 	 PURPOSE
Since Src kinase has been shown to be necessary for osteoclast function, we hypothesized that dasatinib, a Src family kinase inhibitor, would reduce osteoclast activity and prostate cancer (PC-3) cell-induced osteoclast formation. 	 PURPOSE
Dasatinib inhibited RANKL-induced osteoclast differentiation of bone marrow-derived monocytes with an EC(50) of 7.5 nM. PC-3 cells, a human prostate cancer cell line, were able to differentiate RAW 264.7 cells, a murine monocytic cell line, into osteoclasts, and dasatinib inhibited this differentiation. 	 RESULTS
In addition, conditioned medium from PC-3 cell cultures was able to differentiate RAW 264.7 cells into osteoclasts and this too, was inhibited by dasatinib. 	 RESULTS
Even the lowest concentration of dasatinib, 1.25 nmol, inhibited osteoclast differentiation by 29%. 	 RESULTS
Moreover, dasatinib inhibited osteoclast activity by 58% as measured by collagen 1 release. 	 RESULTS
We performed in vitro experiments utilizing the Src family kinase inhibitor dasatinib to target osteoclast activation as a means of inhibiting prostate cancer bone metastases. 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Dasatinib inhibits osteoclast differentiation of mouse primary bone marrow-derived monocytes and PC-3 cell-induced osteoclast differentiation. 	 CONCLUSION
Dasatinib also inhibits osteoclast degradation activity. 	 CONCLUSION
Inhibiting osteoclast differentiation and activity may be an effective targeted therapy in patients with prostate cancer bone metastases. 	 CONCLUSION
Melanocortin receptor 4 (MC4R) deficiency is characterized by increased linear growth greater than expected for the degree of obesity. 	 CONTEXT
The objective of the investigation was to study the somatotroph axis in obese MC4R-deficient patients and equally obese controls. 	 OBJECTIVE
We obtained anthropometric measurements and insulin concentrations in 153 MC4R-deficient subjects and 1392 controls matched for age and severity of obesity. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
We measured fasting IGF-I, IGF-II, IGF binding protein (IGFBP)-1, IGFBP-3, and acid-labile subunit levels in a subset of 33 MC4R-deficient patients and 36 control subjects. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
We examined pulsatile GH secretion in six adult MC4R-deficient subjects and six obese controls. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Height sd score was significantly greater in MC4R-deficient children under 5 yr of age compared with controls (mean ± SEM: 2.3 ± 0.06 vs. 1.8 ± 0.04, P < 0.001), an effect that persisted throughout childhood. 	 RESULTS
Final height (cm) was greater in MC4R-deficient men (mean ± SEM 173 ± 2.5 vs. 168 ± 2.1, P < 0.001) and women (mean 165 ± 2.1 vs. 158 ± 1.9, P < 0.001). 	 RESULTS
Fasting IGF-I, IGF-II, acid-labile subunit, and IGFBP-3 concentrations were similar in the two groups. 	 RESULTS
GH levels were markedly suppressed in obese controls, but pulsatile GH secretion was retained in MC4R deficiency. 	 RESULTS
The mean maximal GH secretion rate per burst (P < 0.05) and mass per burst (P < 0.05) were increased in MC4R deficiency, consistent with increased pulsatile and total GH secretion. 	 RESULTS
Fasting insulin levels were markedly elevated in MC4R-deficient children. 	 RESULTS
In MC4R deficiency, increased linear growth in childhood leads to increased adult final height, greater than predicted by obesity alone. 	 CONCLUSIONS
GH pulsatility is maintained in MC4R deficiency, a finding consistent with animal studies, suggesting a role for MC4R in controlling hypothalamic somatostatinergic tone. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Fasting insulin levels are significantly higher in children carrying MC4R mutations. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Both of these factors may contribute to the accelerated growth phenotype characteristic of MC4R deficiency. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To assess whether population screening for impaired vision among older people in the community leads to improvements in vision. 	 OBJECTIVE
Systematic review of randomised controlled trials of population screening in the community that included any assessment of vision or visual function with at least 6 months' follow up. 	 DESIGN
Adults aged 65 or over. 	 SUBJECTS
Proportions with visual impairment in intervention and control groups with any method of assessing visual impairment. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
There were no trials that primarily assessed visual screening. 	 RESULTS
Outcome data on vision were available for 3494 people in five trials of multiphasic assessment. 	 RESULTS
All the trials used self reported measures for vision impairment, both as screening tools and as outcome measures. 	 RESULTS
The inclusion of a visual screening component in the assessment did not result in improvements in self reported visual problems (pooled odds ratio 1.04:95% confidence interval 0.89 to 1.22). 	 RESULTS
A small reduction (11%) in the number of older people with self reported visual problems cannot be excluded. 	 RESULTS
Screening of asymptomatic older people in the community is not justified on present evidence. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Visual impairment in this age group can usually be reduced with treatment. 	 CONCLUSIONS
It is unclear why no benefit was seen. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Further work is needed to clarify what interventions are appropriate for older people with unreported impairment of vision. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Transthyretin amyloidosis is caused by the deposition of hepatocyte-derived transthyretin amyloid in peripheral nerves and the heart. 	 BACKGROUND
A therapeutic approach mediated by RNA interference (RNAi) could reduce the production of transthyretin. 	 BACKGROUND
We identified a potent antitransthyretin small interfering RNA, which was encapsulated in two distinct first- and second-generation formulations of lipid nanoparticles, generating ALN-TTR01 and ALN-TTR02, respectively. 	 METHODS
Each formulation was studied in a single-dose, placebo-controlled phase 1 trial to assess safety and effect on transthyretin levels. 	 METHODS
We first evaluated ALN-TTR01 (at doses of 0.01 to 1.0 mg per kilogram of body weight) in 32 patients with transthyretin amyloidosis and then evaluated ALN-TTR02 (at doses of 0.01 to 0.5 mg per kilogram) in 17 healthy volunteers. 	 METHODS
Rapid, dose-dependent, and durable lowering of transthyretin levels was observed in the two trials. 	 RESULTS
At a dose of 1.0 mg per kilogram, ALN-TTR01 suppressed transthyretin, with a mean reduction at day 7 of 38%, as compared with placebo (P=0.01); levels of mutant and nonmutant forms of transthyretin were lowered to a similar extent. 	 RESULTS
For ALN-TTR02, the mean reductions in transthyretin levels at doses of 0.15 to 0.3 mg per kilogram ranged from 82.3 to 86.8%, with reductions of 56.6 to 67.1% at 28 days (P<0.001 for all comparisons). 	 RESULTS
These reductions were shown to be RNAi-mediated. 	 RESULTS
Mild-to-moderate infusion-related reactions occurred in 20.8% and 7.7% of participants receiving ALN-TTR01 and ALN-TTR02, respectively. 	 RESULTS
ALN-TTR01 and ALN-TTR02 suppressed the production of both mutant and nonmutant forms of transthyretin, establishing proof of concept for RNAi therapy targeting messenger RNA transcribed from a disease-causing gene. 	 CONCLUSIONS
(Funded by Alnylam Pharmaceuticals; ClinicalTrials.gov numbers, NCT01148953 and NCT01559077.). 	 CONCLUSIONS
Chromosomal rearrangements of the gene encoding ROS1 proto-oncogene receptor tyrosine kinase (ROS1) define a distinct molecular subgroup of non-small-cell lung cancers (NSCLCs) that may be susceptible to therapeutic ROS1 kinase inhibition. 	 BACKGROUND
Crizotinib is a small-molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitor of anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK), ROS1, and another proto-oncogene receptor tyrosine kinase, MET. 	 BACKGROUND
We enrolled 50 patients with advanced NSCLC who tested positive for ROS1 rearrangement in an expansion cohort of the phase 1 study of crizotinib. 	 METHODS
Patients were treated with crizotinib at the standard oral dose of 250 mg twice daily and assessed for safety, pharmacokinetics, and response to therapy. 	 METHODS
ROS1 fusion partners were identified with the use of next-generation sequencing or reverse-transcriptase-polymerase-chain-reaction assays. 	 METHODS
The objective response rate was 72% (95% confidence interval [CI], 58 to 84), with 3 complete responses and 33 partial responses. 	 RESULTS
The median duration of response was 17.6 months (95% CI, 14.5 to not reached). 	 RESULTS
Median progression-free survival was 19.2 months (95% CI, 14.4 to not reached), with 25 patients (50%) still in follow-up for progression. 	 RESULTS
Among 30 tumors that were tested, we identified 7 ROS1 fusion partners: 5 known and 2 novel partner genes. 	 RESULTS
No correlation was observed between the type of ROS1 rearrangement and the clinical response to crizotinib. 	 RESULTS
The safety profile of crizotinib was similar to that seen in patients with ALK-rearranged NSCLC. 	 RESULTS
In this study, crizotinib showed marked antitumor activity in patients with advanced ROS1-rearranged NSCLC. 	 CONCLUSIONS
ROS1 rearrangement defines a second molecular subgroup of NSCLC for which crizotinib is highly active. 	 CONCLUSIONS
(Funded by Pfizer and others; ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00585195.). 	 CONCLUSIONS
Physical activity is reduced in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). 	 RATIONALE
has a systemic component that includes significant extrapulmonary effects that may contribute to its severity in individual patients. 	 COPD
To investigate the association of extrapulmonary effects of the disease and its comorbidities with reduced physical activity in patients with COPD. 	 OBJECTIVES
In a cross-sectional study, 170 outpatients with COPD (GOLD [Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease] stages I-IV; BODE [body mass index, airway obstruction, dyspnea, and exercise capacity] score 0-10) underwent a series of tests. 	 METHODS
Physical activity was assessed over 5 to 6 consecutive days by using a multisensor accelerometer armband that records steps per day and the physical activity level (total daily energy expenditure divided by whole-night sleeping energy expenditure). 	 METHODS
Cardiovascular status was assessed by echocardiography, vascular Doppler sonography, and levels of N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide. 	 METHODS
Mental status, metabolic/muscular status, systemic inflammation, and anemia were assessed by Beck Depression Inventory, bioelectrical impedance analysis, handgrip strength, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein/fibrinogen, and hemoglobin, respectively. 	 METHODS
In a multivariate linear regression analysis using either steps per day or physical activity level as a dependent variable, the extrapulmonary parameters that were associated with reduced physical activity in patients with COPD independently of GOLD stages or BODE score were N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide levels, echocardiographically measured left ventricular diastolic function, and systemic inflammation. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
Higher values of systemic inflammation and left cardiac dysfunction are associated with reduced physical activity in patients with COPD. 	 CONCLUSIONS
BACKGROUND: A proposed revision of sepsis definitions has abandoned the systemic inflammatory response syndrome (SIRS), defined organ dysfunction as an increase in total Sequential Organ Function Assessment (SOFA) score of ≥ 2, and conceived “qSOFA” (quick SOFA) as a bedside indicator of organ dysfunction. 	 CONCLUSIONS
We aimed to (1) determine the prognostic impact of SIRS, (2) compare the diagnostic accuracy of SIRS and qSOFA for organ dysfunction, and (3) compare standard (Sepsis‐2) and revised (Sepsis‐3) definitions for organ dysfunction in ED patients with infection. 	 CONCLUSIONS
METHODS: Consecutive ED patients admitted with presumed infection were prospectively enrolled over 3 years. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Sufficient observational data were collected to calculate SIRS, qSOFA, SOFA, comorbidity, and mortality. 	 CONCLUSIONS
RESULTS: We enrolled 8,871 patients, with SIRS present in 4,176 (47.1%). 	 CONCLUSIONS
was associated with increased risk of organ dysfunction (relative risk [RR] 3.5) and mortality in patients without organ dysfunction (OR 3.2). 	 SIRS
and qSOFA showed similar discrimination for organ dysfunction (area under the receiver operating characteristic curve, 0.72 vs 0.73). 	 SIRS
qSOFA was specific but poorly sensitive for organ dysfunction (96.1% and 29.7%, respectively). 	 SIRS
Mortality for patients with organ dysfunction was similar for Sepsis‐2 and Sepsis‐3 (12.5% and 11.4%, respectively), although 29% of patients with Sepsis‐3 organ dysfunction did not meet Sepsis‐2 criteria. 	 SIRS
Increasing numbers of Sepsis‐2 organ system dysfunctions were associated with greater mortality. 	 SIRS
CONCLUSIONS: SIRS was associated with organ dysfunction and mortality, and abandoning the concept appears premature. 	 SIRS
A qSOFA score ≥ 2 showed high specificity, but poor sensitivity may limit utility as a bedside screening method. 	 SIRS
Although mortality for organ dysfunction was comparable between Sepsis‐2 and Sepsis‐3, more prognostic and clinical information is conveyed using Sepsis‐2 regarding number and type of organ dysfunctions. 	 SIRS
The SOFA score may require recalibration. 	 SIRS
In the studies of left ventricular dysfunction (SOLVD), enalapril reduced mortality in patients with symptomatic but not asymptomatic left ventricular systolic dysfunction during the trial. 	 BACKGROUND
We did a 12-year follow-up of SOLVD to establish if the mortality reduction with enalapril among patients with heart failure was sustained, and whether a subsequent reduction in mortality would emerge among those with asymptomatic ventricular dysfunction. 	 BACKGROUND
Of the 6797 patients previously enrolled in the SOLVD prevention and treatment trials, we ascertained the subsequent vital status of 5165 individuals who were alive when the trials had been completed. 	 METHODS
Follow-up was done through direct contacts in Belgium and linkages with national death registries and federal beneficiary or historic tax summary files in the USA and Canada. 	 METHODS
Follow-up was 99.8% (6784/6797) complete. 	 FINDINGS
In the prevention trial, 50.9% (1074/2111) of the enalapril group had died compared with 56.4% (1195/2117) of the placebo group (generalised Wilcoxon p=0.001). 	 FINDINGS
In the treatment trial, 79.8% (1025/1285) of the enalapril group had died compared with 80.8% (1038/1284) of the placebo group (generalised Wilcoxon p=0.01). 	 FINDINGS
The reductions in cardiac deaths were significant and similar in both trials. 	 FINDINGS
When data for the prevention and treatment trials were combined, the hazard ratio for death was 0.90 for the enalapril group compared with the placebo group (95% CI 0.84-0.95, generalised Wilcoxon p=0.0003). 	 FINDINGS
Enalapril extended median survival by 9.4 months in the combined trials (95% CI 2.8-16.5, p=0.004). 	 FINDINGS
Treatment with enalapril for 3-4 years led to a sustained improvement in survival beyond the original trial period in patients with left ventricular systolic dysfunction, with an important increase in life expectancy. 	 INTERPRETATION
An increased volume of patients is associated with improved survival in numerous high-risk medical and surgical conditions. 	 BACKGROUND
The relationship between the number of patients admitted (hospital volume) and outcome among patients with critical illnesses is unknown. 	 BACKGROUND
We analyzed data from 20,241 nonsurgical patients receiving mechanical ventilation at 37 acute care hospitals in the Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation clinical information system from 2002 through 2003. 	 METHODS
Multivariate analyses were performed to adjust for the severity of illness and other differences in the case mix. 	 METHODS
An increase in hospital volume was associated with improved survival among patients receiving mechanical ventilation in the intensive care unit (ICU) and in the hospital. 	 RESULTS
Admission to a hospital in the highest quartile according to volume (i.e., >400 patients receiving mechanical ventilation per year) was associated with a 37 percent reduction in the adjusted odds of death in the ICU as compared with admission to hospitals in the lowest quartile (< or =150 patients receiving mechanical ventilation per year, P<0.001). 	 RESULTS
In-hospital mortality was similarly reduced (adjusted odds ratio, 0.66; 95 percent confidence interval, 0.52 to 0.83; P<0.001). 	 RESULTS
A typical patient in a hospital in a low-volume quartile would have an adjusted in-hospital mortality of 34.2 percent as compared with 25.5 percent in a hospital in a high-volume quartile. 	 RESULTS
Among survivors, there were no significant trends in the length of stay in the ICU or the hospital. 	 RESULTS
Mechanical ventilation of patients in a hospital with a high case volume is associated with reduced mortality. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Further research is needed to determine the mechanism of the relationship between volume and outcome among patients with a critical illness. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Maternal depressive symptoms during pregnancy have been reported in some, but not all, studies to be associated with an increased risk of preterm birth (PTB), low birth weight (LBW), and intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR). 	 CONTEXT
To estimate the risk of PTB, LBW, and IUGR associated with antenatal depression. 	 OBJECTIVE
SELECTION 	 DATA SOURCES AND STUDY
We searched for English-language and non-English-language articles via the MEDLINE, PsycINFO, CINAHL, Social Work Abstracts, Social Services Abstracts, and Dissertation Abstracts International databases (January 1980 through December 2009). 	 DATA SOURCES AND STUDY
We aimed to include prospective studies reporting data on antenatal depression and at least 1 adverse birth outcome: PTB (<37 weeks' gestation), LBW (<2500 g), or IUGR (<10th percentile for gestational age). 	 DATA SOURCES AND STUDY
Of 862 reviewed studies, 29 US-published and non-US-published studies met the selection criteria. 	 DATA SOURCES AND STUDY
Information was extracted on study characteristics, antenatal depression measurement, and other biopsychosocial risk factors and was reviewed twice to minimize error. 	 DATA EXTRACTION
Pooled relative risks (RRs) for the effect of antenatal depression on each birth outcome were calculated using random-effects methods. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
In studies of PTB, LBW, and IUGR that used a categorical depression measure, pooled effect sizes were significantly larger (pooled RR [95% confidence interval] = 1.39 [1.19-1.61], 1.49 [1.25-1.77], and 1.45 [1.05-2.02], respectively) compared with studies that used a continuous depression measure (1.03 [1.00-1.06], 1.04 [0.99-1.09], and 1.02 [1.00-1.04], respectively). 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
The estimates of risk for categorically defined antenatal depression and PTB and LBW remained significant when the trim-and-fill procedure was used to correct for publication bias. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
The risk of LBW associated with antenatal depression was significantly larger in developing countries (RR = 2.05; 95% confidence interval, 1.43-2.93) compared with the United States (RR = 1.10; 95% confidence interval, 1.01-1.21) or European social democracies (RR = 1.16; 95% confidence interval, 0.92-1.47). 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
Categorically defined antenatal depression tended to be associated with an increased risk of PTB among women of lower socioeconomic status in the United States. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
Women with depression during pregnancy are at increased risk for PTB and LBW, although the magnitude of the effect varies as a function of depression measurement, country location, and US socioeconomic status. 	 CONCLUSIONS
An important implication of these findings is that antenatal depression should be identified through universal screening and treated. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Ghrelin is an orexigenic hormone that can increase body weight. 	 CONTEXT
Its circulating levels increase before meals and are suppressed after food ingestion. 	 CONTEXT
Understanding the effects of specific types of ingested macronutrients on ghrelin regulation could facilitate the design of weight-reducing diets. 	 CONTEXT
We sought to understand how ingestion of carbohydrates, proteins, or lipids affect acyl (bioactive) and total ghrelin levels among human subjects, hypothesizing that lipids might suppress ghrelin levels less effectively than do either carbohydrates or proteins. 	 OBJECTIVE
This was a randomized, within-subjects cross-over study. 	 DESIGN
The study was conducted at a University Clinical Research Center. 	 SETTING
PARTICIPANTS 	 SETTING
There were 16 healthy human subjects included in the study. 	 SETTING
Isocaloric, isovolemic beverages composed primarily of carbohydrates, proteins, or lipids were provided. 	 INTERVENTIONS
The magnitude of postprandial suppression of total and acyl ghrelin levels (measured with a novel acyl-selective, two-site ELISA) was determined. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
All beverages suppressed plasma acyl and total ghrelin levels. 	 RESULTS
A significant effect of macronutrient class on decremental area under the curve for both acyl and total ghrelin was observed; the rank order for magnitude of suppression was protein more than carbohydrate more than lipid. 	 RESULTS
Total ghrelin nadir levels were significantly lower after both carbohydrate and protein, compared with lipid beverages. 	 RESULTS
In the first 3 postprandial hours, the rank order for acyl and total ghrelin suppression was carbohydrate more than protein more than lipid. 	 RESULTS
In the subsequent 3 h, there was a marked rebound above preprandial values of acyl and total ghrelin after carbohydrate ingestion alone. 	 RESULTS
These findings suggest possible mechanisms contributing to the effects of high-protein/low-carbohydrate diets to promote weight loss, and high-fat diets to promote weight gain. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To determine if visual field (VF) loss resulting from glaucoma is associated with greater fear of falling. 	 OBJECTIVE
Prospective, observational study. 	 DESIGN
Fear of falling was compared between 83 glaucoma subjects with bilateral VF loss and 60 control subjects with good visual acuity and without significant VF loss recruited from patients followed up for suspicion of glaucoma. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Participants completed the University of Illinois at Chicago Fear of Falling Questionnaire. 	 METHODS
The extent of fear of falling was assessed using Rasch analysis. 	 METHODS
Subject ability to perform tasks without fear of falling was expressed in logits, with lower scores implying less ability and greater fear of falling. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Glaucoma subjects had greater VF loss than control subjects (median better-eye mean deviation [MD] of -8.0 decibels [dB] vs. +0.2 dB; P<0.001), but did not differ with regard to age, race, gender, employment status, the presence of other adults in the home, body mass index (BMI), grip strength, cognitive ability, mood, or comorbid illness (P ≥ 0.1 for all). 	 RESULTS
In multivariate models, glaucoma subjects reported greater fear of falling as compared with controls (β = -1.20 logits; 95% confidence interval [CI], -1.87 to -0.53; P = 0.001), and fear of falling increased with greater VF loss severity (β = -0.52 logits per 5-dB decrement in the better eye VF MD; 95% CI, -0.72 to -0.33; P<0.001). 	 RESULTS
Other variables predicting greater fear of falling included female gender (β = -0.55 logits; 95% CI, -1.03 to -0.06; P = 0.03), higher BMI (β = -0.07 logits per 1-unit increase in BMI; 95% CI, -0.13 to -0.01; P = 0.02), living with another adult (β = -1.16 logits; 95% CI, -0.34 to -1.99 logits; P = 0.006), and greater comorbid illness (β = -0.53 logits/1 additional illness; 95% CI, -0.74 to -0.32; P<0.001). 	 RESULTS
Bilateral VF loss resulting from glaucoma is associated with greater fear of falling, with an impact that exceeds numerous other risk factors. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Given the physical and psychological repercussions associated with fear of falling, significant quality-of-life improvements may be achievable in patients with VF loss by screening for, and developing interventions to minimize, fear of falling. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Few studies have examined the role of gender and both area-level and individual socio-economic status (SES) as independent predictors of alcohol-related aggression (ARA) in and around licensed venues. 	 AIMS
The aim of the present study was to investigate the relationship between gender, area-level SES and individual SES (operationalised as occupational category) and ARA in and around licensed venues. 	 METHODS
The sample comprised 697 men and 649 women aged 16-47, who completed a patron intercept survey as part of a larger study assessing trends in harm and stakeholders' views surrounding local community level interventions in dealing with alcohol-related problems in the night-time economy. 	 METHODS
Binary logistic regression analyses showed that age, gender, occupational category, area-level SES and level of intoxication at time of interview were all significant predictors of involvement in ARA. 	 RESULTS
Being male doubled the odds of involvement in ARA, while age was a protective factor. 	 RESULTS
Blue collar workers had more than double the odds of ARA involvement of professionals, while those living in the most socio-economically disadvantaged areas were over twice as likely to report experiencing ARA compared to those living in the most advantaged areas. 	 RESULTS
However, assessment of the predictive model by gender revealed that effects of age, occupational category and area-level SES were restricted to male participants, with greater intoxication no longer predictive. 	 RESULTS
among patrons was significantly more likely to occur among men, those in blue collar occupations, and individuals living in low SES areas, suggesting both individual and area-level disadvantage may play a role in ARA. 	 CONCLUSIONS ARA
The goal of this study was to examine the knowledge, attitude, and practice on second cancer screening among cancer survivors. 	 OBJECTIVE
Three focus group interviews were conducted with thirteen disease-free stomach, colorectal, breast and thyroid cancer survivors. 	 METHODS
Recurrent issues were identified and then placed into thematic categories. 	 METHODS
None of the study participants had heard SPC, and they could not differentiate SPC from 'recurrence' or 'metastasis.' 	 RESULTS
Survivors believed that they had been cured, and they were not aware of their increased risk of SPC. 	 RESULTS
Although they had high awareness of cancer screening, they could not make a distinction between 'cancer screening' and 'routine surveillance test' after cancer treatment. 	 RESULTS
Survivors said that they would have had the screening for SPC if they had known about it. 	 RESULTS
They preferred physicians as the most reliable source for screening information. 	 RESULTS
Cancer survivors had limited knowledge about SPC, and lack of information was the main barrier for SPC screening. 	 CONCLUSION
An educational intervention would help cancer survivors to understand their risk of SPC and the needs of screening after the first cancer. 	 PRACTICE IMPLICATIONS
Preoperative C-reactive protein (CRP) levels more than 10 mg/l have been shown to be associated with increased morbidity and mortality after cardiac surgery. 	 BACKGROUND
We examine the value of preoperative CRP levels less than 10 mg/l for predicting long-term, all-cause mortality and hospital length of stay in surgical patients undergoing primary, nonemergent coronary artery bypass graft-only surgery. 	 BACKGROUND
We examined the association between preoperative CRP levels stratified into four categories (< 1, 1-3, 3-10, and > 10 mg/l), and 7-yr all-cause mortality and hospital length of stay in 914 prospectively enrolled primary, nonemergent coronary artery bypass graft-only surgical patients using a proportional hazards regression model. 	 METHODS
Eighty-seven patients (9.5%) died during a mean follow-up period of 4.8 +/- 	 RESULTS
1.5 yr. 	 RESULTS
After proportional hazards adjustment, the 3-10 and > 10 mg/l preoperative CRP groups were associated with long-term, all-cause mortality (hazards ratios [95% CI]: 2.50 [1.22-5.16], P = 0.01 and 2.66 [1.21-5.80], P = 0.02, respectively) and extended hospital length of stay (1.32 [1.07-1.63], P < 0.001 and 1.27 [1.02-1.62], P = 0.001, respectively). 	 RESULTS
We demonstrate that preoperative CRP levels as low as 3 mg/l are associated with increased long-term mortality and extended hospital length of stay in relatively lower-acuity patients undergoing primary, nonemergent coronary artery bypass graft-only surgery. 	 CONCLUSION
These important findings may allow for more objective risk stratification of patients who present for uncomplicated surgical coronary revascularization. 	 CONCLUSION
To identify changes in the occurrence of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease that might be related to the epidemic of bovine spongiform encephalopathy. 	 OBJECTIVE
Epidemiological surveillance of the United Kingdom population for Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease based on (a) referral of suspected cases by neurologists, neuropathologists, and neurophysiologists and (b) death certificates. 	 DESIGN
England and Wales during 1970-84, and whole of the United Kingdom during 1985-96. 	 SETTING
All 662 patients identified as sporadic cases of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease. 	 SUBJECTS
Age distribution of patients, age specific time trends of disease, occupational exposure to cattle, potential exposure to causative agent of bovine spongiform encephalopathy. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
During 1970-96 there was an increase in the number of sporadic cases of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease recorded yearly in England and Wales. 	 RESULTS
The greatest increase was among people aged over 70. 	 RESULTS
There was a statistically significant excess of cases among dairy farm workers and their spouses and among people at increased risk of contact with live cattle infected with bovine spongiform encephalopathy. 	 RESULTS
During 1994-6 there were six deaths from sporadic Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease in the United Kingdom in patients aged under 30. 	 RESULTS
The increase in the incidence of sporadic Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease and the high incidence in dairy farmers in the United Kingdom may be unrelated to bovine spongiform encephalopathy. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The most striking change in the pattern of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease in the United Kingdom after the epidemic of bovine spongiform encephalopathy is provided by the incidence in a group of exceptionally young patients with a consistent and unusual neuropathological profile. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The outcome of mouse transmission studies and the future incidence of the disease in the United Kingdom and elsewhere, will be important in judging whether the agent causing bovine spongiform encephalopathy has infected humans. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The association between antecedent head injury and AD is inconsistent. 	 BACKGROUND
To examine the association between early adult head injury, as documented by military hospital records, and dementia in late life; and to evaluate the interaction between head injury and APOE epsilon4 as risk factors for dementia. 	 OBJECTIVE
The study had a population-based prospective historical cohort design. 	 METHODS
It included men who were World War II Navy and Marine veterans, and were hospitalized during their military service with a diagnosis of either a nonpenetrating head injury or another unrelated condition. 	 METHODS
In 1996 to 1997, military medical records were abstracted to document the occurrence and details of closed head injury. 	 METHODS
The entire sample was then evaluated for dementia and AD using a multistage procedure. 	 METHODS
There were 548 veterans with head injury and 1228 without head injury who completed all assigned stages of the study. 	 METHODS
The authors estimated risk of dementia, specifically AD, using proportional hazards models. 	 METHODS
Both moderate head injury (hazard ratio [HR] = 2.32; CI = 1.04 to 5.17) and severe head injury (HR = 4.51; CI = 1.77 to 11.47) were associated with increased risk of AD. 	 RESULTS
Results were similar for dementia in general. 	 RESULTS
The results for mild head injury were inconclusive. 	 RESULTS
When the authors stratified by the number of APOE epsilon4 alleles, they observed a nonsignificant trend toward a stronger association between AD and head injury in men with more epsilon4 alleles. 	 RESULTS
Moderate and severe head injuries in young men may be associated with increased risk of AD and other dementias in late life. 	 CONCLUSIONS
However, the authors cannot exclude the possibility that other unmeasured factors may be influencing this association. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Ketamine, as an anesthetic agent, has an anti-inflammatory effect. 	 BACKGROUND
In the present study, we investigated whether ketamine inhibits release of high mobility group box 1 (HMGB1), a late-phase cytokine of sepsis, in lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-stimulated macrophages through heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) induction. 	 BACKGROUND
Macrophages were preincubated with various concentrations of ketamine and then treated with LPS (1 μg/mL). 	 METHODS
The cell culture supernatants were collected to measure inflammatory mediators (HMGB1, nitric oxide, tumor necrosis factor-α, and interleukin 1β) by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. 	 METHODS
Moreover, HO-1 protein expression, the phosphorylation and degradation of IκB-α, and the nuclear translocation of nuclear factor E2-related factor 2 and nuclear factor κB (NF-κB) p65 were tested by Western blot analysis. 	 METHODS
In addition, to further identify the role of HO-1 in this process, tin protoporphyrin (SnPP), an HO-1 inhibitor, was used. 	 METHODS
Ketamine treatment dose-dependently attenuated the increased levels of proinflammatory mediators (HMGB1, nitric oxide, tumor necrosis factor α, and interleukin 1β) and increased the HO-1 protein expression in LPS-activated macrophages. 	 RESULTS
Furthermore, ketamine suppressed the phosphorylation and degradation of IκB-α as well as the LPS-stimulated nuclear translocation of NF-κB p65 in macrophages. 	 RESULTS
In addition, the present study also demonstrated that ketamine induced HO-1 expression through the nuclear translocation of nuclear factor E2-related factor 2 in macrophages. 	 RESULTS
The effects of ketamine on LPS-induced proinflammatory cytokines production were partially reversed by the HO inhibitor tin protoporphyrin (SnPP). 	 RESULTS
Ketamine inhibits the release of HMGB1 in LPS-stimulated macrophages, and this effect is at least partly mediated by the activation of the Nrf2/HO-1 pathway and NF-κB suppression. 	 CONCLUSION
There is currently no consensus for the screening and treatment of patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) in extremely preterm infants. 	 IMPORTANCE
Less pharmacological closure and more supportive management have been observed without evidence to support these changes. 	 IMPORTANCE
To evaluate the association between early screening echocardiography for PDA and in-hospital mortality. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Comparison of screened and not screened preterm infants enrolled in the EPIPAGE 2 national prospective population-based cohort study that included all preterm infants born at less than 29 weeks of gestation and hospitalized in 68 neonatal intensive care units in France from April through December 2011. 	 OBJECTIVE
Two main analyses were performed to adjust for potential selection bias, one using propensity score matching and one using neonatal unit preference for early screening echocardiography as an instrumental variable. 	 OBJECTIVE
Early screening echocardiography before day 3 of life. 	 EXPOSURES
The primary outcome was death between day 3 and discharge. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
The secondary outcomes were major neonatal morbidities (pulmonary hemorrhage, severe bronchopulmonary dysplasia, severe cerebral lesions, and necrotizing enterocolitis). 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
Among the 1513 preterm infants with data available to determine exposure, 847 were screened for PDA and 666 were not; 605 infants from each group could be paired. 	 RESULTS
Exposed infants were treated for PDA more frequently during their hospitalization than nonexposed infants (55.1% vs 43.1%; odds ratio [OR], 1.62 [95% CI, 1.31 to 2.00]; absolute risk reduction [ARR] in events per 100 infants, -12.0 [95% CI, -17.3 to -6.7). 	 RESULTS
Exposed infants had a lower hospital death rate (14.2% vs 18.5% ; OR, 0.73 [95% CI, 0.54 to 0.98]; ARR, 4.3 [95% CI, 0.3 to 8.3]) and a lower rate of pulmonary hemorrhage (5.6% vs 8.9%; OR, 0.60 [95% CI, 0.38 to 0.95]; ARR, 3.3 [95% CI, 0.4 to 6.3]). 	 RESULTS
No differences in rates of necrotizing enterocolitis, severe bronchopulmonary dysplasia, or severe cerebral lesions were observed. 	 RESULTS
In the overall cohort, instrumental variable analysis yielded an adjusted OR for in-hospital mortality of 0.62 [95% CI, 0.37 to 1.04]. 	 RESULTS
In this national population-based cohort of extremely preterm infants, screening echocardiography before day 3 of life was associated with lower in-hospital mortality and likelihood of pulmonary hemorrhage but not with differences in necrotizing enterocolitis, severe bronchopulmonary dysplasia, or severe cerebral lesions. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
However, results of the instrumental variable analysis leave some ambiguity in the interpretation, and longer-term evaluation is needed to provide clarity. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
Epidemiological and basic science evidence suggests that magnesium sulphate before birth may be neuroprotective for the fetus. 	 BACKGROUND
To assess the effects of magnesium sulphate as a neuroprotective agent when given to women considered at risk of preterm birth. 	 OBJECTIVES
We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (31 August 2008). 	 SEARCH STRATEGY
Randomised controlled trials of antenatal magnesium sulphate therapy in women threatening or likely to give birth at less than 37 weeks' gestational age. 	 SELECTION CRITERIA
For one subgroup analysis, studies were broadly categorised by the primary intent of the study into "neuroprotective intent", or "other intent (maternal neuroprotective - pre-eclampsia)", or "other intent (tocolytic)". 	 SELECTION CRITERIA
At least two authors assessed trial eligibility and quality, and extracted data. 	 DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS
Five trials (6145 babies) were eligible for this review. 	 MAIN RESULTS
Antenatal magnesium sulphate therapy given to women at risk of preterm birth substantially reduced the risk of cerebral palsy in their child (Relative Risk (RR) 0.68; 95% Confidence interval (CI) 0.54 to 0.87; five trials; 6145 infants). 	 MAIN RESULTS
There was also a significant reduction in the rate of substantial gross motor dysfunction (RR 0.61; 95% CI 0.44 to 0.85; four trials; 5980 infants). 	 MAIN RESULTS
No statistically significant effect of antenatal magnesium sulphate therapy was detected on paediatric mortality (RR 1.04; 95% CI 0.92 to 1.17; five trials; 6145 infants), or on other neurological impairments or disabilities in the first few years of life. 	 MAIN RESULTS
Overall there were no significant effects of antenatal magnesium therapy on combined rates of mortality with cerebral palsy, although there were significant reductions for the neuroprotective groups RR 0.85; 95% CI 0.74 to 0.98; four trials; 4446 infants, but not for the other intent subgroups. 	 MAIN RESULTS
There were higher rates of minor maternal side effects in the magnesium groups, but no significant effects on major maternal complications. 	 MAIN RESULTS
AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS The neuroprotective role for antenatal magnesium sulphate therapy given to women at risk of preterm birth for the preterm fetus is now established. 	 MAIN RESULTS
The number of women needed to be treated to benefit one baby by avoiding cerebral palsy is 63 (95% confidence interval 43 to 87). 	 MAIN RESULTS
Given the beneficial effects of magnesium sulphate on substantial gross motor function in early childhood, outcomes later in childhood should be evaluated to determine the presence or absence of later potentially important neurological effects, particularly on motor or cognitive function. 	 MAIN RESULTS
White matter tractography reconstructions using conventional diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) near cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) spaces are often adversely affected by CSF partial volume effects (PVEs). 	 PURPOSE
This study evaluates the ability of free water elimination (FWE) DTI methods to minimize the PVE of CSF for deterministic tractography applications. 	 PURPOSE
Ten healthy individuals were scanned with "traditional," FLAIR (fluid-attenuated inversion recovery), and FWE DTI scans. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
The fornix, corpus callosum, and cingulum bundles were reconstructed using deterministic tractography. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
The FWE DTI scan was performed twice to separately match total acquisition time (long FWE) and number of measurements (encoding directions, short FWE) to the FLAIR and "traditional" DTI scans. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
resolution was determined based on reconstructed tract volume. 	 PVE
All reconstructions underwent blinded review for anatomical correctness, symmetry, and completeness. 	 PVE
Reconstructions of the fornix demonstrated that the FWE and FLAIR scans produce more complete, anatomically plausible reconstructions than "traditional" DTI. 	 RESULTS
Additionally, the tract reconstructions using FWE-DTI were significantly larger than when FLAIR was used with DTI (P < 0.0005). 	 RESULTS
and the FWE methods led to signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) reductions of 33% and 11%, respectively, compared with conventional DTI. 	 FLAIR
The long and short FWE acquisitions did not significantly (P ≥ 0.31) differ from one another for any of the reconstructed tracts. 	 FLAIR
The FWE diffusion model overcomes CSF PVE without the time, SNR, and volumetric coverage penalties inherent to FLAIR DTI. 	 CONCLUSION
Acupuncture has become a popular complementary and alternative treatment approach. 	 BACKGROUND
This review examined the randomized controlled trials (RCTs) examining the effects of acupuncture treatment of depression. 	 BACKGROUND
RCTs of the treatment of depression with acupuncture were located using MEDLINE, Allied and Complementary Medicine and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials. 	 METHODS
The methodology of RCTs was assessed using the Jadad criteria, and elements of research design, i.e., randomization, blinding, assessment of attrition rates, were quantified for systematic comparisons among studies. 	 METHODS
Among the 9 RCTs examined, five were deemed to be of low quality based upon Jadad criteria. 	 RESULTS
The odds ratios derived from comparing acupuncture with control conditions within the RCTs suggests some evidence for the utility of acupuncture in depression. 	 RESULTS
General trends suggest that acupuncture modalities were as effective as antidepressants employed for treatment of depression in the limited studies available for comparison. 	 RESULTS
However, placebo acupuncture treatment was often no different from intended verum acupuncture. 	 RESULTS
The RCTs extracted were limited by small sample sizes, imprecise enrollment criteria, problems with randomization, blinding, brief duration of study and lack of longitudinal follow-up. 	 LIMITATIONS
Despite the findings that the odds ratios of existing literature suggest a role for acupuncture in the treatment of depression, the evidence thus far is inconclusive. 	 CONCLUSIONS
However, efforts are being made to standardize complementary approaches to treat depression, and further systematized research into their use is warranted. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Androgens play a critical role in the growth of both androgen dependent and castration-resistant prostate cancer (CRPC). 	 BACKGROUND
Only a few micro-RNAs (miRNAs) have been suggested to be androgen regulated. 	 BACKGROUND
We aim to identify androgen regulated miRNAs. 	 BACKGROUND
We utilized LNCaP derived model, we have established, and which overexpresses the androgen receptor (AR), the VCaP cell line, and 13 intact-castrated prostate cancer (PC) xenograft pairs, as well as clinical specimens of untreated (PC) and CRPC. 	 METHODS
The expression of miRNAs was analyzed by microarrays and quantitative RT-PCR (Q-RT-PCR). 	 METHODS
Transfection of pre-miR-141 and anti-miR-141 was also used. 	 METHODS
Seventeen miRNAs were > 1.5-fold up- or downregulated upon dihydrotestosterone (DHT) treatment in the cell lines, and 42 after castration in the AR-positive xenografts. 	 RESULTS
Only four miRNAs (miR-10a, miR-141, miR-150*, and miR-1225-5p) showed similar androgen regulation in both cell lines and xenografts. 	 RESULTS
Of those, miR-141 was found to be expressed more in PC and CRPC compared to benign prostate hyperplasia. 	 RESULTS
Additionally, the overexpression of miR-141 enhanced growth of parental LNCaP cells while inhibition of miR-141 by anti-miR-141 suppressed the growth of the LNCaP subline overexpressing AR. 	 RESULTS
Only a few miRNAs were found to be androgen-regulated in both cell lines and xenografts models. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Of those, the expression of miR-141 was upregulated in cancer. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The ectopic overexpression of miR-141 increased growth of LNCaP cell suggesting it may contribute to the progression of PC. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This longitudinal study conducted path analyses to examine the relationships between treatment processes and outcomes among patients in community-based drug treatment programs. 	 OBJECTIVE
A total of 1,939 patients from 36 outpatient drug-free and residential treatment programs in 13 California counties were assessed at intake, discharge, three months after admission, and nine months after admission. 	 METHODS
Path analyses were conducted to relate the quantity and quality of services that were received in the first three months of treatment to treatment retention and outcomes at the nine-month follow-up. 	 METHODS
Patients were determined to have a favorable outcome if for at least 30 days before the follow-up assessment they did not use drugs, were not involved in criminal activity, and lived in the community. 	 METHODS
The path analyses controlled for patients' baseline characteristics. 	 METHODS
Greater service intensity and satisfaction were positively related to either treatment completion or longer treatment retention, which in turn was related to favorable treatment outcomes. 	 RESULTS
Patients with greater problem severity received more services and were more likely to be satisfied with treatment. 	 RESULTS
These patterns were similar for patients regardless of whether they were treated in outpatient drug-free programs or residential programs. 	 RESULTS
The positive association between process measures-that is, greater levels of service intensity, satisfaction, and either treatment completion or retention-and treatment outcome strongly suggests that improvements in these key elements of the treatment process will improve treatment outcomes. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Since 1990, overall breast cancer mortality rates in the United States decreased 24%. 	 PURPOSE
This decline has been attributed to mammography screening and adjuvant systemic therapy. 	 PURPOSE
However, the efficacy of these modalities may depend on estrogen receptor (ER) expression and age. 	 PURPOSE
We therefore examined breast cancer mortality trends in the United States according to ER status and age. 	 PURPOSE
Using the Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER) program (1990-2003), we calculated trends in incidence-based mortality (IBM), annual hazard rates for breast cancer deaths after diagnosis, and relative hazard rates for women with ER-positive and ER-negative tumors. 	 METHODS
Relative hazard rates were assessed with Cox proportional hazards models, adjusted for stage and grade, and stratified by age at diagnosis. 	 METHODS
During the study period, IBM and annual hazard rates for breast cancer deaths decreased among women with ER-positive and ER-negative tumors, although declines were greater for those with ER-positive tumors. 	 RESULTS
Among women younger than 70 years, relative hazard rates declined 38% for those with ER-positive tumors versus 19% for those with ER-negative tumors. 	 RESULTS
Among women 70 years or older, relative hazard rates declined 14% for those with ER-positive tumors versus no significant decline for those with ER-negative tumors. 	 RESULTS
In the United States, breast cancer mortality rates have declined among women with ER-positive and ER-negative tumors, with greater declines among younger women and those with ER-positive tumors. 	 CONCLUSION
Although mortality in all groups remains unacceptably high, additional emphasis should be placed on improving outcomes of breast cancer patients older than 70 years and those of all ages with ER-negative tumors. 	 CONCLUSION
Imiquimod is an immune response modifier that acts through toll-like receptor 7 to induce cytokine production and a subsequent innate and adaptive cell-mediated immune response. 	 BACKGROUND
Clinical studies have demonstrated clinical and histological clearance of superficial basal cell carcinoma (sBCC) after treatment with imiquimod 5% cream. 	 BACKGROUND
To evaluate the safety and clinical efficacy of imiquimod (Aldaratrade mark; 3M Pharmaceuticals, St Paul, MN, U.S.A.) 5% cream for the treatment of sBCC in a multicentre, randomized, parallel, vehicle-controlled, double-blind, phase III clinical study conducted at 26 centres in Europe. 	 OBJECTIVES
Subjects who had at least one histologically confirmed sBCC tumour were randomized to apply imiquimod or vehicle cream to the target tumour once daily, seven times per week (7 x/week) for 6 weeks. 	 METHODS
The target tumour location was identified with an indelible ink mark before treatment initiation. 	 METHODS
The treated tumour site was clinically assessed for treatment response at 12 weeks post-treatment and was then excised for histological evaluation. 	 METHODS
Efficacy assessments included the composite response rates (proportion of subjects with clinical and histological clearance) and response rates solely based on histology (proportion of subjects with histological clearance). 	 METHODS
Safety assessments, which included adverse events and scoring of local skin reactions (LSRs), were carried out throughout the study. 	 METHODS
In total, 166 subjects were enrolled in this study. 	 RESULTS
For the intent-to-treat dataset, there was a statistically significant difference between imiquimod and vehicle groups for both composite clearance rates (clinical and histological assessments) and histological clearance rates. 	 RESULTS
Composite clearance was demonstrated in 77% and 6% of subjects treated with imiquimod and vehicle cream, respectively. 	 RESULTS
Histological clearance was demonstrated in 80% and 6% of subjects treated with imiquimod and vehicle cream, respectively. 	 RESULTS
The most frequently reported safety findings were investigator-assessed LSRs and spontaneous reports by subjects of application site reactions, which occurred more frequently in the imiquimod group than in the vehicle group. 	 RESULTS
Imiquimod 5% cream administered 7 x/week for 6 weeks is a safe and effective treatment for sBCC when compared with vehicle cream. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To establish high cell density cultivation process of recombinant Helicobacter pylori multi-epitope vaccine engineering bacteria BIB. 	 OBJECTIVE
Based on the results of shake flask fermentation, the process was magnified into volume of a 50 L fermenter to optimize and verify the factors affecting the yield of the target protein, such as the fermentation medium, working seed inoculation amount, inducer concentration, induction starting time, induction duration, inducer adding mode and feeding strategy. 	 METHODS
After activated in modified TB medium at 37°C for 8 h, the BIB working seed was inoculated at 5% (v/v) and was induced for expression for another 11 h by the final concentration of 5 mmol/L lactose. 	 RESULTS
In growth phase, glucose at rate of 80 ml/h was used as carbon source, and in induction phase, glycerol at rate of 40 ml/h was used as carbon source; ammonia water was added dropwise to control pH at about 7.0, and revolution speed is adjusted to control the dissolved oxygen at above 30%; ultimately the output of bacterial body was 70 g/L and protein expression amount was about 32%. 	 RESULTS
After high cell density cultivation of the recombinant engineering bacteria, expression and yield of the target protein rBIB significantly increased. 	 CONCLUSION
To assess the performance and impact of primary human papillomavirus (HPV) DNA screening with cytology triage compared with conventional cytology on cervical cancer and severe pre-cancerous lesions. 	 OBJECTIVE
Randomised trial. 	 DESIGN
Population based screening programme for cervical cancer in southern Finland in 2003-5. 	 SETTING
58 076 women, aged 30-60, invited to the routine population based screening programme for cervical cancer. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Primary HPV DNA test (hybrid capture II) with cytology triage if the result was positive or conventional cytological screening (reference). 	 INTERVENTIONS
Rate of cervical cancer, cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) grade III, and adenocarcinoma in situ (as a composite outcome referred to as CIN III+) during 2003-7 through record linkage between files from the screening registry and the national cancer registry. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
In the HPV and conventional arms there were 95 600 and 95 700 woman years of follow-up and 76 and 53 cases of CIN III+, respectively (of which six and eight were cervical cancers). 	 RESULTS
The relative rate of CIN III+ in the HPV arm versus the conventional arm was 1.44 (95% confidence interval 1.01 to 2.05) among all women invited for screening and 1.77 (1.16 to 2.74) among those who attended. 	 RESULTS
Among women with a normal or negative test result, the relative rate of subsequent CIN III+ was 0.28 (0.04 to 1.17). 	 RESULTS
The rate of cervical cancer between arms was 0.75 (0.25 to 2.16) among women invited for screening and 1.98 (0.52 to 9.38) among those who attended. 	 RESULTS
When incorporated into a well established organised screening programme, primary HPV screening with cytology triage was more sensitive than conventional cytology in detecting CIN III+ lesions. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The number of cases of cervical cancer was small, but considering the high probability of progression of CIN III the findings are of importance regarding cancer prevention. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN23885553. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
The aim of this study was to determine the accuracy of the contrast "bolus only" T1 mapping cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR) technique for measuring myocardial extracellular volume fraction (ECV). 	 OBJECTIVES
Myocardial ECV can be measured with T1 mapping before and after contrast agent if the contrast agent distribution between blood/myocardium is at equilibrium. 	 BACKGROUND
Equilibrium distribution can be achieved with a primed contrast infusion (equilibrium contrast-CMR [EQ-CMR]) or might be approximated by the dynamic equilibration achieved by delayed post-bolus measurement. 	 BACKGROUND
This bolus only approach is highly attractive, but currently limited data support its use. 	 BACKGROUND
We compared the bolus only technique with 2 independent standards: collagen volume fraction (CVF) from myocardial biopsy in aortic stenosis (AS); and the infusion technique in 5 representative conditions. 	 BACKGROUND
One hundred forty-seven subjects were studied: healthy volunteers (n = 50); hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (n = 25); severe AS (n = 22); amyloid (n = 20); and chronic myocardial infarction (n = 30). 	 METHODS
Bolus only (at 15 min) and infusion ECV measurements were performed and compared. 	 METHODS
In 18 subjects with severe AS the results were compared with histological CVF. 	 METHODS
The ECV by both techniques correlated with histological CVF (n = 18, r² = 0.69, p < 0.01 vs. r² = 0.71, p < 0.01, p = 0.42 for comparison). 	 RESULTS
Across health and disease, there was strong correlation between the techniques (r² = 0.97). 	 RESULTS
However, in diseases of high ECV (amyloid, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy late gadolinium enhancement, and infarction), Bland-Altman analysis indicates the bolus only technique has a consistent and increasing offset, giving a higher value for ECVs above 0.4 (mean difference ± limit of agreement for ECV <0.4 = -0.004 ± 0.037 vs. ECV >0.4 = 0.040 ± 0.075, p < 0.001). 	 RESULTS
Bolus only, T1 mapping-derived ECV measurement is sufficient for ECV measurement across a range of cardiac diseases, and this approach is histologically validated in AS. 	 CONCLUSIONS
However, when ECV is >0.4, the bolus only technique consistently measures ECV higher compared with infusion. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Donor mesenchymal stromal/stem cell (MSC) expansion and fibrotic differentiation is associated with development of bronchiolitis obliterans syndrome (BOS) in human lung allografts. 	 RATIONALE
However, the regulators of fibrotic differentiation of these resident mesenchymal cells are not well understood. 	 RATIONALE
This study examines the role of endogenous and exogenous prostaglandin (PG)E2 as a modulator of fibrotic differentiation of human lung allograft-derived MSCs. 	 OBJECTIVES
Effect of PGE2 on proliferation, collagen secretion, and α-smooth muscle actin (α-SMA) expression was assessed in lung-resident MSCs (LR-MSCs) derived from patients with and without BOS. 	 METHODS
The response pathway involved was elucidated by use of specific agonists and antagonists. 	 METHODS
PGE2 treatment of LR-MSCs derived from normal lung allografts significantly inhibited their proliferation, collagen secretion, and α-SMA expression. 	 MEASUREMENT AND MAIN RESULTS
On the basis of pharmacologic and small-interfering RNA approaches, a PGE2/E prostanoid (EP)2/adenylate cyclase pathway was implicated in these suppressive effects. 	 MEASUREMENT AND MAIN RESULTS
Stimulation of endogenous PGE2 secretion by IL-1β was associated with amelioration of their myofibroblast differentiation in vitro, whereas its inhibition by indomethacin augmented α-SMA expression. 	 MEASUREMENT AND MAIN RESULTS
LR-MSCs from patients with BOS secreted significantly less PGE2 than non-BOS LR-MSCs. 	 MEASUREMENT AND MAIN RESULTS
Furthermore, BOS LR-MSCs were found to be defective in their ability to induce cyclooxygenase-2, and therefore unable to up-regulate PGE2 synthesis in response to IL-1β. 	 MEASUREMENT AND MAIN RESULTS
LR-MSCs also demonstrated resistance to the inhibitory actions of PGE2 in association with a reduction in the EP2/EP1 ratio. 	 BOS
These data identify the PGE2 axis as an important autocrine-paracrine brake on fibrotic differentiation of LR-MSCs, a failure of which is associated with BOS. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To describe the impact of musculoskeletal pain (MP); to compare management of MP by the population and by primary care physicians; and to identify misconceptions about treatment. 	 OBJECTIVES
5803 people with MP and 1483 primary care physicians, randomly selected, in eight European countries were interviewed by telephone. 	 METHODS
A structured questionnaire was used to ask about usual management of MP and perceived benefits and risks of treatment. 	 METHODS
Current health status (SF-12) was also assessed. 	 METHODS
From primary care physicians' perceptions, MP appears to be well managed. 	 RESULTS
All presenting patients are offered some form of treatment, 90% or more doctors are trying to improve patients' quality of life, and most are aware and concerned about the risks of treatment with NSAIDs. 	 RESULTS
From a population perspective, up to 27% of people with pain do not seek medical help and of those who do, several wait months/years before seeing a doctor. 	 RESULTS
55% or fewer patients who have seen a doctor are currently receiving prescription treatment for their pain. 	 RESULTS
Communication between doctors and patients is poor; few patients are given information about their condition; and many have misconceptions about treatment. 	 RESULTS
Management of MP is similar across eight European countries, but there is discordance between physician and patient perspectives of care. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Some people with pain have never sought medical help despite being in constant/daily pain. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Those who do seek help receive little written information or explanation and many have misperceptions about the benefits and risks of treatment that limit their ability to actively participate in decisions about their care. 	 CONCLUSIONS
& AIMS Celiac disease is characterized by disturbed jejunal crypt-villus axis biology with immunoglobulin (Ig) A deposits underlining the epithelium. 	 BACKGROUND
The aim of this study was to test whether celiac disease serum IgA (reticulin/endomysial autoantibodies) interferes with the mesenchymal-epithelial cell cross-talk. 	 BACKGROUND
Differentiation of T84 epithelial cells was induced with IMR-90 fibroblasts or transforming growth factor beta in three-dimensional collagen gel cultures. 	 METHODS
The effects of purified celiac IgA and monoclonal tissue transglutaminase antibodies (CUB7402) were studied by adding the antibodies to the cocultures. 	 METHODS
Active celiac disease IgA, reactive for tissue transglutaminase, significantly inhibited T84 epithelial cell differentiation (P < 0.001) and increased epithelial cell proliferation (P = 0.024). 	 RESULTS
Similar effects were obtained with antibodies against tissue transglutaminase. 	 RESULTS
Celiac disease-associated IgA class antibodies disturb transforming growth factor beta-mediated fibroblast-epithelial cell cross-talk in this in vitro crypt-villus axis model. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This primary finding indicates that celiac disease-specific autoantibodies may also contribute to the formation of the gluten-triggered jejunal mucosal lesion in celiac disease. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Human papillomavirus (HPV) testing is known to be more sensitive, but less specific than cytology for detecting cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN). 	 BACKGROUND
We assessed the efficacy of cervical-cancer screening policies that are based on HPV testing. 	 BACKGROUND
Between March, 2004, and December, 2004, in two separate recruitment phases, women aged 25-60 years were randomly assigned to conventional cytology or to HPV testing in combination with liquid-based cytology (first phase) or alone (second phase). 	 METHODS
Randomisation was done by computer in two screening centres and by sequential opening of numbered sealed envelopes in the remaining seven centres. 	 METHODS
During phase one, women who were HPV-positive and aged 35-60 years were referred to colposcopy, whereas women aged 25-34 years were referred to colposcopy only if cytology was also abnormal or HPV testing was persistently positive. 	 METHODS
During phase two, women in the HPV group were referred for colposcopy if the HPV test was positive. 	 METHODS
Two rounds of screening occurred in each phase, and all women had cytology testing only at the second round. 	 METHODS
The primary endpoint was the detection of grade 2 and 3 CIN, and of invasive cervical cancers during the first and second screening rounds. 	 METHODS
Analysis was done by intention to screen. 	 METHODS
This trial is registered, number ISRCTN81678807. 	 METHODS
In total for both phases, 47,001 women were randomly assigned to the cytology group and 47,369 to HPV testing. 	 FINDINGS
33,851 women from the cytology group and 32,998 from the HPV-testing group had a second round of screening. 	 FINDINGS
We also retrieved the histological diagnoses from screening done elsewhere. 	 FINDINGS
The detection of invasive cervical cancers was similar for the two groups in the first round of screening (nine in the cytology group vs seven in the HPV group, p=0.62); no cases were detected in the HPV group during round two, compared with nine in the cytology group (p=0.004). 	 FINDINGS
Overall, in the two rounds of screening, 18 invasive cancers were detected in the cytology group versus seven in the HPV group (p=0.028). 	 FINDINGS
Among women aged 35-60 years, at round one the relative detection (HPV vs cytology) was 2.00 (95% CI 1.44-2.77) for CIN2, 2.08 (1.47-2.95) for CIN3, and 2.03 (1.60-2.57) for CIN2 and 3 together. 	 FINDINGS
At round two the relative detection was 0.54 (0.23-1.28) for CIN2, 0.48 (0.21-1.11) for CIN3, and 0.51 (0.28-0.93) for CIN2 and 3 together. 	 FINDINGS
Among women aged 25-34 years, there was significant heterogeneity between phases in the relative detection of CIN3. 	 FINDINGS
At round one the relative detection was 0.93 (0.52-1.64) in phase one and 3.91 (2.02-7.57) in phase two. 	 FINDINGS
At round two the relative detection was 1.34 (0.46-3.84) in phase one and 0.20 (0.04-0.93) in phase two. 	 FINDINGS
Pooling both phases, the detection ratio of CIN2 for women aged 25-34 years was 4.09 (2.24-7.48) at round one and 0.64 (0.23-1.27) at round two. 	 FINDINGS
HPV-based screening is more effective than cytology in preventing invasive cervical cancer, by detecting persistent high-grade lesions earlier and providing a longer low-risk period. 	 INTERPRETATION
However, in younger women, HPV screening leads to over-diagnosis of regressive CIN2. 	 INTERPRETATION
European Union, Italian Ministry of Health, Regional Health Administrations of Piemonte, Tuscany, Veneto and Emilia-Romagna, and Public Health Agency of Lazio. 	 FUNDING
For decades silver-containing antibiotics such as silver sulfadiazine (SSD) have been applied as standard topical therapy for patients with partial-thickness burns and venous stasis ulcers. 	 BACKGROUND
This evidence-based review intends to answer the following research question: in ambulatory patients with partial-thickness burns or stasis dermatitis ulcers, does the use of topical SSD compared with nonantibiotic dressings improve mortality, wound healing, re-epithelialization, or infection rates? 	 BACKGROUND
MEDLINE, EMBASE, Cochrane Library, and other databases were searched. 	 METHODS
We considered trials that enrolled patients of any age with partial-thickness burns or venous stasis ulcers and randomized them to either topical SSD or placebo, saline-soaked gauze, paraffin gauze, sterile dry dressing, or nonantibiotic moist dressing. 	 METHODS
Outcomes included mortality, wound healing, speed of re-epithelialization, and infection rates. 	 METHODS
For burns, our search revealed 400 potential articles. 	 RESULTS
No human studies met the inclusion criteria. 	 RESULTS
Only 7 animal studies (1 mouse, 4 rat, and 2 pig) were relevant to the proposed question. 	 RESULTS
These animal studies provided conflicting results. 	 RESULTS
Whereas some support the use of SSD for treatment of partial-thickness burns, others question its effectiveness. 	 RESULTS
For stasis dermatitis ulcer, the search identified 50 articles for review, of which 20 abstracts were reviewed, and one article met the inclusion criteria. 	 RESULTS
This study did not show any significant improvement in the rate of complete healing in SSD group compared with placebo either at 4 weeks (relative risk 6.2, 95% confidence interval 0.8-48) or at 1 year (relative risk 5.2, 95% confidence interval 0.6-41.6) of follow-up. 	 RESULTS
There is insufficient evidence to either support or refute the routine use of SSD for ambulatory patients with either partial-thickness burns or stasis dermatitis ulcers to decrease mortality, prevent infection, or augment wound healing in human beings. 	 CONCLUSION
OF REVIEW Recent discoveries implicate neutrophils as important regulators of innate and adaptive immunity and in the development of organ damage in systemic autoimmune diseases, including systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). 	 PURPOSE
Various putative SLE biomarkers are neutrophil-related, including neutrophil granular proteins and histones undergoing post-translational modifications during neutrophil extracellular trap (NET) formation. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
In the bone marrow, lupus neutrophils can drive B and T cell abnormalities, at least in part, by their enhanced production of type-I interferons, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNFα) and the B-cell stimulating factors B-cell activating factor (BAFF) and a proliferation-inducing ligand (APRIL). 	 RECENT FINDINGS
Lupus neutrophils and, in particular, lupus low-density granulocytes (a distinct pathogenic subset) display epigenetic modifications and genomic alterations that may be relevant to their deleterious roles in SLE. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
Proteins and enzymes externalized by lupus NETs can affect vascular health by inducing endothelial apoptosis and oxidizing lipoproteins. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
Hampering NET formation through peptidylarginine deiminase inhibitors abrogates lupus phenotype and atherosclerosis in murine studies. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
Recent discoveries support the notion that neutrophils, low-density granulocytes and aberrant NET formation and clearance play important roles in lupus pathogenesis. 	 SUMMARY
Future studies should focus on how to selectively target these immunostimulatory pathways in this disease. 	 SUMMARY
To investigate clinical aspects and risk factors for Salmonella serotype Marina infection in the United States. 	 OBJECTIVE
We identified all isolates of S Marina reported in 1994 to the National Salmonella Surveillance System. 	 METHODS
Patients were interviewed about demographic information, clinical course, diet, travel history, and contact with reptiles before illness. 	 METHODS
Twenty-six (81%) of 32 patients were infants (<1 year of age) and 24 (75%) were male. 	 RESULTS
This differs from other Salmonella isolates reported to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in 1994, of which 14% were from infants and 49% from male patients. 	 RESULTS
Eleven patients (34%) were hospitalized for a median of 3.5 days (range: 2 to 21 days), and 1 died. 	 RESULTS
Of 28 patients (88%) with reported iguana exposure, only 4 (14%) touched the reptile, and only 12 respondents (43%) realized that it might have been the source of infection. 	 RESULTS
Seven (32%) of 22 families who owned an iguana at the time of illness continued to own an iguana when contacted a median of 28 weeks later. 	 RESULTS
Persons who thought that the iguana was the source of infection were more likely to have given away or sold the pet than those who did not. 	 RESULTS
Four isolates (13%) were from blood. 	 RESULTS
Bacteremia was associated with taking antibiotics during the 30 days before S Marina infection (odds ratio: 24; 95% confidence interval: 1.2-1309). 	 RESULTS
S Marina infection is a potentially serious illness associated with iguana exposure, and it reflects the larger problem of reptile-associated salmonellosis. 	 CONCLUSION
Many parents do not know that owning an iguana puts their children at risk for Salmonella infection. 	 CONCLUSION
Pediatricians, veterinarians, and pet store owners should inform their patients and customers of the potential risks of owning reptiles and provide appropriate preventive education. 	 CONCLUSION
In 2006, WHO produced international growth standards for infants and children up to age 5 years on the basis of recommendations from a WHO expert committee. 	 BACKGROUND
Using the same methods and conceptual approach, the Fetal Growth Longitudinal Study (FGLS), part of the INTERGROWTH-21(st) Project, aimed to develop international growth and size standards for fetuses. 	 BACKGROUND
The multicentre, population-based FGLS assessed fetal growth in geographically defined urban populations in eight countries, in which most of the health and nutritional needs of mothers were met and adequate antenatal care was provided. 	 METHODS
We used ultrasound to take fetal anthropometric measurements prospectively from 14 weeks and 0 days of gestation until birth in a cohort of women with adequate health and nutritional status who were at low risk of intrauterine growth restriction. 	 METHODS
All women had a reliable estimate of gestational age confirmed by ultrasound measurement of fetal crown-rump length in the first trimester. 	 METHODS
The five primary ultrasound measures of fetal growth--head circumference, biparietal diameter, occipitofrontal diameter, abdominal circumference, and femur length--were obtained every 5 weeks (within 1 week either side) from 14 weeks to 42 weeks of gestation. 	 METHODS
The best fitting curves for the five measures were selected using second-degree fractional polynomials and further modelled in a multilevel framework to account for the longitudinal design of the study. 	 METHODS
We screened 13,108 women commencing antenatal care at less than 14 weeks and 0 days of gestation, of whom 4607 (35%) were eligible. 	 FINDINGS
4321 (94%) eligible women had pregnancies without major complications and delivered live singletons without congenital malformations (the analysis population). 	 FINDINGS
We documented very low maternal and perinatal mortality and morbidity, confirming that the participants were at low risk of adverse outcomes. 	 FINDINGS
For each of the five fetal growth measures, the mean differences between the observed and smoothed centiles for the 3rd, 50th, and 97th centiles, respectively, were small: 2·25 mm (SD 3·0), 0·02 mm (3·0), and -2·69 mm (3·2) for head circumference; 0·83 mm (0·9), -0·05 mm (0·8), and -0·84 mm (1·0) for biparietal diameter; 0·63 mm (1·2), 0·04 mm (1·1), and -1·05 mm (1·3) for occipitofrontal diameter; 2·99 mm (3·1), 0·25 mm (3·2), and -4·22 mm (3·7) for abdominal circumference; and 0·62 mm (0·8), 0·03 mm (0·8), and -0·65 mm (0·8) for femur length. 	 FINDINGS
We calculated the 3rd, 5th 10th, 50th, 90th, 95th and 97th centile curves according to gestational age for these ultrasound measures, representing the international standards for fetal growth. 	 FINDINGS
We recommend these international fetal growth standards for the clinical interpretation of routinely taken ultrasound measurements and for comparisons across populations. 	 INTERPRETATION
Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. 	 FUNDING
In 2004, the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Cancer Prevention Committee surveyed the members to describe involvement in clinical prevention activities. 	 PURPOSE
A previously administered survey, with updated items on genetics, chemoprevention, and survivorship, was mailed to a stratified random sample of 2,000 domestic members and a convenience sample of 3,144 international members. 	 METHODS
A total of 49.7% of domestic members contacted and survey eligible responded (n = 851). 	 RESULTS
Nonresponders were younger (50.5 v 51.7 years; P < .01); 465 international members responded. 	 RESULTS
Overall, 35% had received formal instruction in cancer prevention and control, and most respondents expected increased use of prevention, screening/early detection, and risk reduction/genetic counseling in their practices in the next 5 years. 	 RESULTS
Most reported caring for cancer survivors, including providing general medical care. 	 RESULTS
They also either directly provide or refer patients for cancer prevention and control services (eg, cancer screening, tobacco and nutrition counseling, risk reduction, and chemoprevention). 	 RESULTS
Multivariable modeling found fewer perceived barriers to inclusion of cancer prevention activities in clinical practice among those practicing in an academic setting, seeing a higher proportion of patients without a cancer diagnosis, having formal training in prevention and control, expecting an increase in prevention activities in the next 5 years, and providing community advice on prevention. 	 RESULTS
Barriers to the inclusion of cancer prevention and control activities in oncology clinical practice exist. 	 CONCLUSION
Nevertheless, a substantial proportion of both domestic and international ASCO members report an interest in cancer prevention and control activities, with a desire for more specific educational programs in this emerging area of oncology practice. 	 CONCLUSION
Limited surveys and anecdotal data indicate that trachoma is endemic in the states of Eastern Equatoria and Upper Nile in southern Sudan. 	 OBJECTIVE
However, its magnitude and geographical distribution are largely unknown. 	 OBJECTIVE
We conducted surveys to ascertain the prevalence and geographical distribution of trachoma, and to identify targets for control interventions. 	 OBJECTIVE
Population-based cross-sectional surveys were conducted in nine sites in southern Sudan between September 2001 and June 2004. 	 METHODS
Two-stage random cluster sampling with probability proportional to size was used to select the sample. 	 METHODS
Trachoma grading was done using the WHO simplified grading system. 	 METHODS
A total of 17 016 persons were examined, a response rate of 86.1% of the enumerated population. 	 FINDINGS
Prevalence of signs of active trachoma in children aged 1-9 years was: TF=53.7% (95% confidence interval (CI)=52.1-55.3); TI=42.7% (95% CI=41.2-44.2); TF and/or TI=64.1% (95% CI=62.5-65.5). 	 FINDINGS
Prevalence of trichiasis (TT) in children aged less than 15 years was 1.2% (95% CI=0.9-1.4), while TT prevalence in persons aged 15 years and above was 9.2% (95% CI=8.6-9.9). 	 FINDINGS
Women were more likely to have trichiasis compared to men (odds ratio (OR)=1.57; 95% CI=1.34-1.84). 	 FINDINGS
Tentative extrapolation to the states of Eastern Equatoria and Upper Nile estimates that there is a backlog of 178,250 (lower and upper bounds=156,027-205,995) persons requiring surgery and the entire population, estimated to be over 3.9 million, is in need of the SAFE strategy to control blinding trachoma. 	 FINDINGS
Trachoma is a public health problem in all nine of the study sites surveyed. 	 CONCLUSION
The unusually high prevalence of active trachoma and TT in children points to the severity of the problem. 	 CONCLUSION
There is urgent need to implement trachoma control interventions in trachoma endemic regions of southern Sudan. 	 CONCLUSION
This paper examines policy implementation gaps of user fees plus exemptions and health insurance in providing financial access to primary clinical care for children under five in Ghana. 	 OBJECTIVES
Methods included analysis of routine data, focus group discussions, in-depth interviews, and administration of a structured questionnaire. 	 METHODS
Providers modified exemptions policy implementation arrangements, sometimes giving partial or no exemptions. 	 RESULTS
Clients who knew or suspected exemption entitlements failed to request them because of fear of negative reactions from providers. 	 RESULTS
Providers attributed their modification of implementation arrangements and negative reactions to the threat posed to the financial viability of their institutions by reimbursement uncertainty and delays. 	 RESULTS
At the time of the study insurance coverage was low and frontline workers were not noticeably modifying implementation arrangements. 	 RESULTS
However, the underlying goal conflicts, resource scarcity, conditions of work and relationships between frontline workers and clients that fueled the exemptions policy implementation gaps were unchanged. 	 RESULTS
The potential for the health insurance policy to stumble over implementation gaps as happened with the exemptions policy therefore remained. 	 RESULTS
Policies that do not take into account the incentives for frontline worker adherence and align them better with policy objectives may experience implementation gaps. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The echinoderm microtubule-associated protein like 4-anaplastic lymphoma kinase (EML4-ALK) fusion represents a novel target in a subset of non-small cell lung cancer, especially adenocarcinoma. 	 INTRODUCTION
EML4-ALK fusion is mutually exclusive with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations. 	 INTRODUCTION
To understand the impact of EML4-ALK on the prognosis of non-small cell lung cancer, we examined EML4-ALK fusion in lung adenocarcinoma from patients with wild-type EGFR and analyzed their clinical treatment outcomes. 	 INTRODUCTION
Lung adenocarcinoma patients with malignant pleural effusions having wild-type EGFR and measurable target lesions were enrolled for EML4-ALK analysis by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction and direct sequencing. 	 METHODS
Demographic data, EML4-ALK status, and survival data were analyzed. 	 METHODS
We also performed fluorescence in situ hybridization on some available tumor samples to validate the PCR result. 	 METHODS
In addition, K-ras mutation was analyzed for patients without EML4-ALK fusion genes. 	 METHODS
A total of 116 patients with wild-type EGFR sequencing results had complete clinical data for analysis. 	 RESULTS
No patients received ALK inhibitor therapy. 	 RESULTS
There were 39 patients (34%) with the EML4-ALK fusion gene. 	 RESULTS
The concordance rate between reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction and fluorescence in situ hybridization was 85%. 	 RESULTS
The K-ras mutation rate for patients without EML4-ALK fusion gene was 6.5%. 	 RESULTS
By multivariate analysis, patients who had better performance status (p < 0.001) and EML4-ALK translocation (p = 0.017) had longer overall survival. 	 RESULTS
Comparing patients with tumors harboring variant 1 with those harboring nonvariant 1 EML4-ALK fusion genes, there were no significant differences in clinical factors and survival outcome. 	 RESULTS
For lung adenocarcinoma patients with wild-type EGFR, EML4-ALK translocation is associated with longer overall survival. 	 CONCLUSION
To assess whether sex differences exist in the angiographic severity, management and outcomes of acute coronary syndromes (ACS). 	 OBJECTIVE
The study comprised 7638 women and 19 117 men with ACS who underwent coronary angiography and were included in GRACE (Global Registry of Acute Coronary Events) from 1999-2006. 	 METHODS
Normal vessels/mild disease was defined as <50% stenosis in all epicardial vessels; advanced disease was defined as >or=one vessel with >or=50% stenosis. 	 METHODS
Women were older than men and had higher rates of cardiovascular risk factors. 	 RESULTS
Men and women presented equally with chest pain; however, jaw pain and nausea were more frequent among women. 	 RESULTS
Women were more likely to have normal/mild disease (12% vs 6%, p<0.001) and less likely to have left-main and three-vessel disease (27% vs 32%, p<0.001) or undergo percutaneous coronary intervention (65% vs 68%, p<0.001). 	 RESULTS
Women and men with normal and mild disease were treated less aggressively than those with advanced disease. 	 RESULTS
Women with advanced disease had a higher risk of death (4% vs 3%, p<0.01). 	 RESULTS
After adjustment for age and extent of disease, women were more likely to have adverse outcomes (death, myocardial infarction, stroke and rehospitalisation) at six months compared to men (odds ratio 1.24, 95% confidence interval 1.14 to 1.34); however, sex differences in mortality were no longer statistically significant. 	 RESULTS
Women with ACS were more likely to have cardiovascular disease risk factors and atypical symptoms such as nausea compared with men, but were more likely to have normal/mild angiographic coronary artery disease. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Further study regarding sex differences related to disease severity is warranted. 	 CONCLUSIONS
& AIMS Although the p53 tumor suppressor has been extensively studied, many critical questions remain unanswered about the biological functions of p53 homologs, p73 and p63. 	 BACKGROUND
Accumulating evidence suggests that both p73 and p63 play important roles in regulation of apoptosis, cell differentiation, and therapeutic drug sensitivity. 	 BACKGROUND
Gastric epithelial cells were cocultured with Helicobacter pylori, and the roles of p63 and p73 proteins were assessed by luciferase reporter, real-time polymerase chain reaction, immunoblotting, and cell survival assays. 	 METHODS
Short hairpin RNA and dominant-negative mutants were used to inhibit activity of p73 and p63 isoforms. 	 METHODS
Human and murine gastric tissues were analyzed by immunohistochemistry with p73 and p63 antibodies and modified Steiner's silver method. 	 METHODS
Interaction of H pylori with gastric epithelial cells leads to robust up-regulation of p73 protein in vitro and in vivo in human gastritis specimens and H pylori-infected mice. 	 RESULTS
The p73 increase resulted in up-regulation of pro-apoptotic genes, NOXA, PUMA, and FAS receptor in gastric epithelial cells. 	 RESULTS
Down-regulation of p73 activity suppressed cell death and Fas receptor induced by H pylori. 	 RESULTS
Bacterial virulence factors within the cag pathogenicity island, c-Abl tyrosine kinase, and interaction with p63 isoforms control the activity of p73. 	 RESULTS
Our findings implicate p73 in H pylori-induced apoptosis and more generally suggest that the p53 family may play a role in the epithelial cell response to H pylori infection. 	 CONCLUSION
Pregnant women with type 1 diabetes are a high-risk population who are recommended to strive for optimal glucose control, but neonatal outcomes attributed to maternal hyperglycaemia remain suboptimal. 	 BACKGROUND
Our aim was to examine the effectiveness of continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) on maternal glucose control and obstetric and neonatal health outcomes. 	 BACKGROUND
In this multicentre, open-label, randomised controlled trial, we recruited women aged 18-40 years with type 1 diabetes for a minimum of 12 months who were receiving intensive insulin therapy. 	 METHODS
Participants were pregnant (≤13 weeks and 6 days' gestation) or planning pregnancy from 31 hospitals in Canada, England, Scotland, Spain, Italy, Ireland, and the USA. 	 METHODS
We ran two trials in parallel for pregnant participants and for participants planning pregnancy. 	 METHODS
In both trials, participants were randomly assigned to either CGM in addition to capillary glucose monitoring or capillary glucose monitoring alone. 	 METHODS
Randomisation was stratified by insulin delivery (pump or injections) and baseline glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c). 	 METHODS
The primary outcome was change in HbA1c from randomisation to 34 weeks' gestation in pregnant women and to 24 weeks or conception in women planning pregnancy, and was assessed in all randomised participants with baseline assessments. 	 METHODS
Secondary outcomes included obstetric and neonatal health outcomes, assessed with all available data without imputation. 	 METHODS
This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT01788527. 	 METHODS
Between March 25, 2013, and March 22, 2016, we randomly assigned 325 women (215 pregnant, 110 planning pregnancy) to capillary glucose monitoring with CGM (108 pregnant and 53 planning pregnancy) or without (107 pregnant and 57 planning pregnancy). 	 FINDINGS
We found a small difference in HbA1c in pregnant women using CGM (mean difference -0·19%; 95% CI -0·34 to -0·03; p=0·0207). 	 FINDINGS
Pregnant CGM users spent more time in target (68% vs 61%; p=0·0034) and less time hyperglycaemic (27% vs 32%; p=0·0279) than did pregnant control participants, with comparable severe hypoglycaemia episodes (18 CGM and 21 control) and time spent hypoglycaemic (3% vs 4%; p=0·10). 	 FINDINGS
Neonatal health outcomes were significantly improved, with lower incidence of large for gestational age (odds ratio 0·51, 95% CI 0·28 to 0·90; p=0·0210), fewer neonatal intensive care admissions lasting more than 24 h (0·48; 0·26 to 0·86; p=0·0157), fewer incidences of neonatal hypoglycaemia (0·45; 0·22 to 0·89; p=0·0250), and 1-day shorter length of hospital stay (p=0·0091). 	 FINDINGS
We found no apparent benefit of CGM in women planning pregnancy. 	 FINDINGS
Adverse events occurred in 51 (48%) of CGM participants and 43 (40%) of control participants in the pregnancy trial, and in 12 (27%) of CGM participants and 21 (37%) of control participants in the planning pregnancy trial. 	 FINDINGS
Serious adverse events occurred in 13 (6%) participants in the pregnancy trial (eight [7%] CGM, five [5%] control) and in three (3%) participants in the planning pregnancy trial (two [4%] CGM and one [2%] control). 	 FINDINGS
The most common adverse events were skin reactions occurring in 49 (48%) of 103 CGM participants and eight (8%) of 104 control participants during pregnancy and in 23 (44%) of 52 CGM participants and five (9%) of 57 control participants in the planning pregnancy trial. 	 FINDINGS
The most common serious adverse events were gastrointestinal (nausea and vomiting in four participants during pregnancy and three participants planning pregnancy). 	 FINDINGS
Use of CGM during pregnancy in patients with type 1 diabetes is associated with improved neonatal outcomes, which are likely to be attributed to reduced exposure to maternal hyperglycaemia. 	 INTERPRETATION
should be offered to all pregnant women with type 1 diabetes using intensive insulin therapy. 	 CGM
This study is the first to indicate potential for improvements in non-glycaemic health outcomes from CGM use. 	 CGM
Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation, Canadian Clinical Trials Network, and National Institute for Health Research. 	 FUNDING
To describe the sources of protein intake in a sample of the US adult population and among subgroups defined by race-ethnicity, age, and gender. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN 	 OBJECTIVE
The Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 1988-1991, is a stratified random sample of the total civilian noninstitutionalized population, drawn from the 50 United States and the District of Columbia. 	 OBJECTIVE
For all foods consumed by the participants, based on a 24-hour dietary recall, protein sources and the contribution of each protein type to the total protein intake were determined. 	 OBJECTIVE
Adult participants in the third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (n = 7,924). 	 SUBJECTS
Weighted total, age-specific, and age-adjusted mean protein intakes were calculated using SAS and WesVarPC. 	 STATISTICAL ANALYSES
Statistical differences were determined by 2-tailed t tests. 	 STATISTICAL ANALYSES
The main protein source in the American diet is animal protein (69%). 	 RESULTS
Meat, fish, and poultry protein combined contributed the most to animal protein (42%), followed by dairy protein (20%). 	 RESULTS
Grains (18%) contributed the most to plant protein consumption. 	 RESULTS
Women consumed a lower percentage of beef (14%) and pork (7%) protein than did men (18% and 9%, respectively). 	 RESULTS
Women also consumed a higher percentage of poultry (13%), dairy (22%), and fruit and vegetable (11%) protein than did men (11%, 19%, and 9%, respectively). 	 RESULTS
Blacks reported eating a higher percentage of poultry (18%) and pork (11%) protein and a lower percent of dairy protein (14%) than did whites (12%, 7%, and 22%, respectively) and Mexican-Americans (11%, 8%, and 17%, respectively). 	 RESULTS
Mexican-Americans consumed a higher percentage of legume (7%) and egg (7%) protein than did whites (4% and 4%, respectively) and blacks (4% and 5%, respectively). 	 RESULTS
Whites consumed a higher percentage of grain protein (19%) than did blacks (16%) and Mexican-Americans (15%). 	 RESULTS
These results show that, although the percentage of total energy from protein may be similar among race-ethnicities and between men and women, their sources of protein are different. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These differences should be taken into account when providing nutrition education for specific populations. 	 CONCLUSIONS
A major challenge for physicians is to identify patients with acute coronary syndromes who may benefit from treatment with glycoprotein-IIb/IIIa-receptor antagonists. 	 BACKGROUND
We investigated whether troponin concentrations can be used to stratify patients for benefit from treatment with tirofiban. 	 BACKGROUND
We enrolled 2222 patients of the Platelet Receptor Inhibition in Ischemic Syndrome Management study with coronary artery disease and who had had chest pain in the previous 24 h. All patients received aspirin and were randomly assigned treatment with tirofiban or heparin. 	 METHODS
We took baseline measurements of troponin I and troponin T. We recorded death, myocardial infarction, or recurrent ischaemia after 48 h infusion treatment and at 7 days and 30 days. 	 METHODS
629 (28.3%) patients had troponin I concentrations higher than the diagnostic threshold of 1.0 microg/L and 644 (29.0%) troponin T concentrations higher than 0.1 microg/L. 30-day event rates (death, myocardial infarction) were 13.0% for troponin-I-positive patients compared with 4.9% for troponin-I-negative patients (p<0.0001), and 13.7% compared wth 3.5% for troponin T (p<0.001). 	 FINDINGS
At 30 days, in troponin-I-positive patients, tirofiban had lowered the risk of death (adjusted hazard ratio 0.25 [95% CI 0.09-0.68], p=0.004) and myocardial infarction (0.37 [0.16-0.84], p=0.01). 	 FINDINGS
This benefit was seen in medically managed patients (0.30 [0.10-0.84], p=0.004) and those undergoing revascularisation (0.37 [0.15-0.93] p=0.02) after 48 h infusion treatment. 	 FINDINGS
By contrast, no treatment effect was seen for troponin-I-negative patients. 	 FINDINGS
Similar benefits were seen for troponin-T-positive patients. 	 FINDINGS
Troponin I and troponin T reliably identified high-risk patients with acute coronary syndromes, managed medically and by revascularisation, who would benefit from tirofiban. 	 INTERPRETATION
Exacerbations of respiratory symptoms in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) have profound and long-lasting adverse effects on patients. 	 IMPORTANCE
To test the hypothesis that elevated levels of inflammatory biomarkers in individuals with stable COPD are associated with an increased risk of having exacerbations. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Prospective cohort study examining 61,650 participants with spirometry measurements from the Copenhagen City Heart Study (2001-2003) and the Copenhagen General Population Study (2003-2008). 	 OBJECTIVE
Of these, 6574 had COPD, defined as a ratio between forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) and forced vital capacity below 0.7. 	 OBJECTIVE
Baseline levels of C-reactive protein (CRP) and fibrinogen and leukocyte count were measured in participants at a time when they were not experiencing symptoms of exacerbations. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
Exacerbations were recorded and defined as short-course treatment with oral corticosteroids alone or in combination with an antibiotic or as a hospital admission due to COPD. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
Levels of CRP and fibrinogen and leukocyte count were defined as high or low according to cut points of 3 mg/L, 14 μmol/L, and 9 ×10(9)/L, respectively. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
During follow-up, 3083 exacerbations were recorded (mean, 0.5/participant). 	 RESULTS
In the first year of follow-up, multivariable-adjusted odds ratios for having frequent exacerbations were 1.2 (95% CI, 0.7-2.2; 17 events/1000 person-years) for individuals with 1 high biomarker, 1.7 (95% CI, 0.9-3.2; 32 events/1000 person-years) for individuals with 2 high biomarkers, and 3.7 (95% CI, 1.9-7.4; 81 events/1000 person-years) for individuals with 3 high biomarkers compared with individuals who had no elevated biomarkers (9 events/1000 person-years; trend: P = 2 × 10(-5)). 	 RESULTS
Corresponding hazard ratios using maximum follow-up time were 1.4 (95% CI, 1.1-1.8), 1.6 (95% CI, 1.3-2.2), and 2.5 (95% CI, 1.8-3.4), respectively (trend: P = 1 × 10(-8)). 	 RESULTS
The addition of inflammatory biomarkers to a basic model including age, sex, FEV1 percent predicted, smoking, use of any inhaled medication, body mass index, history of previous exacerbations, and time since most recent prior exacerbation improved the C statistics from 0.71 to 0.73 (comparison: P = 9 × 10(-5)). 	 RESULTS
Relative risks were consistent in those with milder COPD, in those with no history of frequent exacerbations, and in the 2 studies separately. 	 RESULTS
The highest 5-year absolute risks of having frequent exacerbations in those with 3 high biomarkers (vs no high biomarkers) were 62% (vs 24%) for those with Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) grades C-D (n = 558), 98% (vs 64%) in those with a history of frequent exacerbations (n = 127), and 52% (vs 15%) for those with GOLD grades 3-4 (n = 465). 	 RESULTS
Simultaneously elevated levels of CRP and fibrinogen and leukocyte count in individuals with COPD were associated with increased risk of having exacerbations, even in those with milder COPD and in those without previous exacerbations. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
Further investigation is needed to determine the clinical value of these biomarkers for risk stratification. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
Obesity is an epidemic that affects 1 in 3 individuals in the United States, and recent evidence suggests that enteric microbiota may play a significant role in the development of obesity. 	 BACKGROUND
This study evaluated the association between methanogenic archaea and obesity in human subjects. 	 BACKGROUND
Subjects with a body mass index (BMI) of 30 kg/m² or higher were prospectively recruited from the weight loss program of a tertiary care medical center. 	 METHODS
Subjects who met the study's inclusion criteria were asked to complete a questionnaire that included a series of visual analogue scores for bowel symptom severities. 	 METHODS
Subjects then provided a single end-expiratory breath sample to quantitate methane levels. 	 METHODS
Bivariate and multivariate analyses were used to determine associations with BMI. 	 METHODS
A total of 58 patients qualified for enrollment. 	 RESULTS
Twenty percent of patients (n = 12) had breath test results that were positive for methane (>3 parts per million [ppm]), with a mean breath methane concentration of 12.2±3.1 ppm. 	 RESULTS
was significantly higher in methane-positive subjects (45.2±2.3 kg/m²) than in methane-negative subjects (38.5±0.8 kg/m²; P=.001). 	 BMI
Methane-positive subjects also had a greater severity of constipation than methane-negative subjects (21.3±6.4 vs 9.5±2.4; P=.043). 	 BMI
Multiple regression analysis illustrated a significant association between BMI and methane, constipation, and antidepressant use. 	 BMI
However, methane remained an independent predictor of elevated BMI when controlling for antidepressant use (P<.001) and when controlling for both constipation and antidepressant use (6.55 kg/m² greater BMI; P=.003). 	 BMI
This is the first human study to demonstrate that a higher concentration of methane detected by breath testing is a predictor of significantly greater obesity in overweight subjects. 	 CONCLUSION
To establish the incidence and aetiology of infectious intestinal disease in the community and presenting to general practitioners. 	 OBJECTIVE
Comparison with incidence and aetiology of cases reaching national laboratory based surveillance. 	 OBJECTIVE
Population based community cohort incidence study, general practice based incidence studies, and case linkage to national laboratory surveillance. 	 DESIGN
70 general practices throughout England. 	 SETTING
459 975 patients served by the practices. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Community surveillance of 9776 randomly selected patients. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Incidence of infectious intestinal disease in community and reported to general practice. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
781 cases were identified in the community cohort, giving an incidence of 19.4/100 person years (95% confidence interval 18.1 to 20.8). 	 RESULTS
8770 cases presented to general practice (3.3/100 person years (2.94 to 3.75)). 	 RESULTS
One case was reported to national surveillance for every 1.4 laboratory identifications, 6.2 stools sent for laboratory investigation, 23 cases presenting to general practice, and 136 community cases. 	 RESULTS
The ratio of cases in the community to cases reaching national surveillance was lower for bacterial pathogens (salmonella 3.2:1, campylobacter 7.6:1) than for viruses (rotavirus 35:1, small round structured viruses 1562:1). 	 RESULTS
There were many cases for which no organism was identified. 	 RESULTS
Infectious intestinal disease occurs in 1 in 5 people each year, of whom 1 in 6 presents to a general practitioner. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The proportion of cases not recorded by national laboratory surveillance is large and varies widely by microorganism. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Ways of supplementing the national laboratory surveillance system for infectious intestinal diseases should be considered. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Venous thromboembolism (VTE) is a common complication in cancer patients and a significant cause of morbidity and mortality. 	 BACKGROUND
However, little information is available on oncologists' perceptions of the risk of VTE and its management. 	 BACKGROUND
The Fundamental Research in Oncology and Thrombosis (FRONTLINE) study is the first comprehensive global survey of thrombosis and cancer. 	 BACKGROUND
The study was designed to collect data on the perceived risk and patterns of practice with regard to VTE in cancer patients undergoing surgical and medical management of their malignancy and to provide information on international and regional practice patterns, allowing for the design of research studies to answer the concerns of practicing clinicians. 	 BACKGROUND
Literature reviews were performed to provide a current evidence base against which to compare the findings, and a survey was developed under the guidance of an advisory board. 	 METHODS
A paper-based reply-paid questionnaire was distributed globally between July and November 2001 to clinicians involved in cancer care and was made available on a dedicated website. 	 METHODS
A total of 3,891 completed responses were available for analysis. 	 FINDINGS
Brain and pancreatic tumors were considered to carry a high risk for VTE, and 80% of respondents considered the use of central venous lines to be associated with a high risk of VTE. 	 FINDINGS
Marked differences were seen in the use of thromboprophylaxis for surgical and medical cancer patients, with over 50% of surgeons reporting that they initiated thromboprophylaxis routinely, while most medical oncologists reported using thromboprophylaxis in less than 5% of medical patients. 	 FINDINGS
Low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) was the most popular method of thromboprophylaxis employed in both surgical and medical patients and was more favored by European than U.S. clinicians. 	 FINDINGS
Some 20% of respondents reported using aspirin for prophylaxis, despite there being no reliable evidence for this agent as effective in prevention in this population. 	 FINDINGS
For the treatment of VTE, LMWH was again the most common initial treatment, although, for the long-term, oral anticoagulation therapy was widely adopted. 	 FINDINGS
Many patients were treated for VTE on an outpatient basis, and secondary prevention of VTE was typically continued for 3 to 6 months after an episode of deep vein thrombosis or for longer in the case of pulmonary embolism. 	 FINDINGS
The results of the FRONTLINE survey demonstrate a need for guidelines to direct clinical practice in line with evidence-based data concerning cancer and VTE. 	 INTERPRETATION
Oncologists need to be educated regarding the true risks of VTE associated with certain cancers and on strategies for prevention and treatment to reduce the morbidity and mortality associated with VTE in all cancer patients. 	 INTERPRETATION
The study has also helped identify areas for future research. 	 INTERPRETATION
Histone deimination regulates gene function and contributes to antimicrobial response, allowing the formation of neutrophil extracellular traps (NETs). 	 BACKGROUND
Deiminated proteins are target of anti-citrullinated peptides antibodies (ACPA) in rheumatoid arthritis (RA). 	 BACKGROUND
The objective of this paper is to test the hypothesis that RA sera react with deiminated histones contained in NETs. 	 OBJECTIVE
Neutrophils from peripheral blood were stimulated with A23187 and acid treated; NETosis was induced by phorbol myristate acetate, and NET proteins were isolated. 	 METHODS
Sera were tested by immunoblot on acid extracted proteins from neutrophils and from NETs, and by ELISA on deiminated histone H4 or H4-derived peptides. 	 METHODS
Bands reactive with RA sera were excised from gels, digested with trypsin and subjected to matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionisation time of flight (MALDI-TOF) analysis, before and after derivatisation to detect citrullinated peptides. 	 METHODS
RA sera reacted with a deiminated antigen of 11 KDa from activated neutrophils, recognised also by anti-H4 and antideiminated H4 antibodies. 	 RESULTS
A similar reactivity was observed with NET proteins. 	 RESULTS
The antigen from neutrophils or NETs was identified as citrullinated H4 by MALDI-TOF analysis. 	 RESULTS
By ELISA, RA sera bound in vitro citrullinated H4. 	 RESULTS
Citrullinated H4 14-34 and 31-50 peptides detected antibodies in 67% and 63% of RA sera and in less than 5% of controls; antibody titre was correlated with anti-CCP2. 	 RESULTS
Citrullinated H4 from activated neutrophils and NETs is a target of antibodies in RA, and synthetic citrullinated H4-derived peptides are a new substrate for ACPA detection. 	 CONCLUSIONS
As NETosis can generate antigens for ACPA, these data suggest a novel connection between innate and adaptive immunity in RA. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Managing thoracic aortic aneurysms identified incidentally by increased use of computed tomography, echocardiography, and magnetic resonance imaging is problematic, especially in the elderly. 	 CONTEXT
To ascertain whether the previously reported poor prognosis for individuals with thoracic aortic aneurysms has changed with better medical therapies and improved surgical techniques that can now be applied to aneurysm management. 	 OBJECTIVE
Population-based cohort study. 	 DESIGN
All 133 patients with the diagnosis of degenerative thoracic aortic aneurysms among Olmsted County, Minnesota, residents between 1980 and 1994 compared with a previously reported cohort of similar patients between 1951 and 1980. 	 SETTING AND PATIENTS
The primary clinical end points were incidence, cumulative rupture risk, rupture risk as a function of aneurysm size, and survival. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
In contrast to abdominal aortic aneurysms, for which men are affected predominately, 51% of thoracic aortic aneurysms were identified in women who were considerably older at recognition than men (mean age, 75.9 vs 62.8 years, respectively; P= .01). 	 RESULTS
The overall incidence rate of 10.4 per 100000 person-years (95% confidence interval [CI], 8.6-12.2) between 1980 and 1994 was more than 3-fold higher than the rate from 1951 to 1980. 	 RESULTS
The cumulative risk of rupture was 20% after 5 years. 	 RESULTS
Seventy-nine percent of ruptures occurred in women (P= .01). 	 RESULTS
The 5-year risk of rupture as a function of aneurysm size at recognition was 0% for aneurysms less than 4 cm in diameter, 16% (95% CI, 4%-28%) for those 4 to 5.9 cm, and 31% (95% CI, 5%-56%) for aneurysms 6 cm or more. 	 RESULTS
Overall 5-year survival improved to 56% (95% CI, 48%-66%) between 1980 and 1994 compared with only 19% between 1951 and 1980 (P<.01). 	 RESULTS
In this population, elderly women represent an increasing portion of all patients with clinically recognized thoracic aortic aneurysms and constitute the majority of patients whose aneurysm eventually ruptures. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Overall survival for thoracic aortic aneurysms has improved significantly in the past 15 years. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Dysfunction of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) (B) receptors has been implicated in the pathogenesis of temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). 	 BACKGROUND
To evaluate the genetic contribution of cloned human GABA(B) receptors to TLE. 	 OBJECTIVE
The authors genotyped 141 patients (78 women and 63 men; mean age = 49.1 +/- 	 METHODS
18.0 years) with nonlesional TLE and 372 age- and sex-matched normal individuals for the known polymorphism G1465A in the human GABA(B) receptor 1 [GABA(B[1])] gene. 	 METHODS
There was a highly significant overrepresentation of the G1465A heterozygote in patients with TLE compared with controls. 	 RESULTS
The A/G genotype was found in 17% of the 141 patients with TLE and in only 0.5% of the 372 controls (p < 0.0001). 	 RESULTS
The authors also found that patients carrying the A allele had a significantly higher risk (p = 0.003, OR = 6.47, 95% CI = 2.02 to 20.76) of developing drug-resistant TLE. 	 RESULTS
Furthermore, the age at onset of seizures tended to be lower in patients with A/G genotype, but the difference was not significant. 	 RESULTS
The results of this study indicate that the GABA(B[1]) polymorphism (G1465A) confers a highly increased susceptibility to TLE. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Moreover, it seems to influence the severity of this common epileptic disorder. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Vascular stiffness increases with advancing age and is a major risk factor for age-related morbidity and mortality. 	 CONTEXT
Vascular stiffness and blood pressure pulsatility are related; however, temporal relationships between vascular stiffening and blood pressure elevation have not been fully delineated. 	 CONTEXT
To examine temporal relationships among vascular stiffness, central hemodynamics, microvascular function, and blood pressure progression. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Longitudinal community-based cohort study conducted in Framingham, Massachusetts. 	 OBJECTIVE
The present investigation is based on the 2 latest examination cycles (cycle 7: 1998-2001; cycle 8: 2005-2008 [last visit: January 25, 2008]) of the Framingham Offspring study (recruited: 1971-1975). 	 OBJECTIVE
Temporal relationships among blood pressure and 3 measures of vascular stiffness and pressure pulsatility derived from arterial tonometry (carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity [CFPWV], forward wave amplitude [FWA], and augmentation index) were examined over a 7-year period in 1759 participants (mean [SD] age: 60 [9] years; 974 women). 	 OBJECTIVE
The primary outcomes were blood pressure and incident hypertension during examination cycle 8. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
The secondary outcomes were CFPWV, FWA, and augmentation index during examination cycle 8. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
In a multivariable-adjusted regression model, higher FWA (β, 1.3 [95% CI, 0.5-2.1] mm Hg per 1 SD; P = .002) and higher CFPWV (β, 1.5 [95% CI, 0.5-2.6] mm Hg per 1 SD; P = .006) during examination cycle 7 were jointly associated with systolic blood pressure during examination cycle 8. 	 RESULTS
Similarly, in a model that included systolic and diastolic blood pressure and additional risk factors during examination cycle 7, higher FWA (odds ratio [OR], 1.6 [95% CI, 1.3-2.0] per 1 SD; P < .001), augmentation index (OR, 1.7 [95% CI, 1.4-2.0] per 1 SD; P < .001), and CFPWV (OR, 1.3 [95% CI, 1.0-1.6] per 1 SD; P = .04) were associated with incident hypertension during examination cycle 8 (338 cases [32%] in 1048 participants without hypertension during examination cycle 7). 	 RESULTS
Conversely, blood pressure during examination cycle 7 was not associated with CFPWV during examination cycle 8. 	 RESULTS
Higher resting brachial artery flow (OR, 1.23 [95% CI, 1.04-1.46]) and lower flow-mediated dilation (OR, 0.80 [95% CI, 0.67-0.96]) during examination cycle 7 were associated with incident hypertension (in models that included blood pressure and tonometry measures collected during examination cycle 7). 	 RESULTS
In this cohort, higher aortic stiffness, FWA, and augmentation index were associated with higher risk of incident hypertension; however, initial blood pressure was not independently associated with risk of progressive aortic stiffening. 	 CONCLUSION
The International Lipid-Based Nutrient Supplements Project developed a small-quantity (20 g/d) lipid-based nutrient supplement (LNS) for pregnant and lactating women. 	 BACKGROUND
We evaluated the effects of prenatal LNS supplementation on fetal growth. 	 OBJECTIVE
In a community-based, partially double-blind, individually randomized controlled trial, 1320 women ≤20 wk pregnant received 60 mg Fe/400 μg folic acid (IFA), or 1-2 Recommended Dietary Allowances of 18 micronutrients, including 20 mg Fe (MMN), or LNS with the same micronutrients as the MMN group, plus 4 minerals and macronutrients contributing 118 kcal (LNS) daily until delivery. 	 DESIGN
Fetal growth was compared across groups by using intention-to-treat analysis. 	 DESIGN
The primary outcome was birth length. 	 DESIGN
This analysis included 1057 women (IFA = 349, MMN = 354, LNS = 354). 	 RESULTS
Groups did not differ significantly in mean birth length, length-for-age z score (LAZ), head circumference, or percentage low birth length but differed in mean birth weight (P = 0.044), weight-for-age z score (WAZ; P = 0.046), and BMI-for-age z score (BMIZ; P = 0.040), with a trend toward differences in low birth weight (P = 0.069). 	 RESULTS
In pairwise comparisons, the LNS group had greater mean birth weight (+85 g; P = 0.040), WAZ (+0.19; P = 0.045), and BMIZ (+0.21; P = 0.035) and a lower risk of low birth weight (RR: 0.61, 95% CI: 0.39, 0.96; P = 0.032) than did the IFA group. 	 RESULTS
The other group differences were not significant. 	 RESULTS
The effect of intervention was modified by mother's parity, age, height, baseline hemoglobin, household food insecurity, and child sex, with parity being the most consistent modifier. 	 RESULTS
Among primiparous women (IFA = 131; MMN = 110; LNS = 128), the LNS group had greater mean birth length (+0.91 cm; P = 0.001), LAZ (+0.47; P = 0.001), weight (+237 g; P < 0.001), WAZ (+0.56; P < 0.001), BMIZ (+0.52; P < 0.001), head circumference (0.50 cm; P = 0.017), and head circumference-for-age z score (+0.40; P = 0.022) than did the IFA group; similar differences were found when comparing the LNS and MMN groups among primiparous women, and no group differences were found among multiparous women. 	 RESULTS
Prenatal LNS supplementation can improve fetal growth among vulnerable women in Ghana, particularly primiparous women. 	 CONCLUSION
This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00970866. 	 CONCLUSION
Recent studies have shown that type 2 diabetes is preventable by both lifestyle interventions and medications that influence primary glucose metabolism. 	 BACKGROUND
Whether pharmacological interventions that influence primary lipid metabolism can also delay development of type 2 diabetes is unknown. 	 BACKGROUND
The goal of this study was to evaluate the effect of the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor ligand bezafibrate on the progression of impaired fasting glucose phase to type 2 diabetes in patients with coronary artery disease over a 6.2-year follow-up period. 	 BACKGROUND
The study sample comprised 303 nondiabetic patients 42 to 74 years of age with a fasting blood glucose level of 110 to 125 mg/dL (6.1 to 6.9 mmol/L). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The patients received either 400 mg bezafibrate retard (156 patients) or placebo (147 patients) once a day. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
No patients were using statins, and use of ACE inhibitors, which also reduce diabetes incidence, was relatively low. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
During follow-up, development of new-onset diabetes was recorded in 146 patients: in 80 (54.4%) from the placebo group and 66 (42.3%) from the bezafibrate group (P=0.04). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The mean time until onset of new diabetes was significantly delayed in patients on bezafibrate compared with patients on placebo: 4.6+/-2.3 versus 3.8+/-2.6 years (P=0.004). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Multivariate analysis identified bezafibrate treatment as an independent predictor of reduced risk of new diabetes development (hazard ratio, 0.70; 95% CI, 0.49 to 0.99). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Other significant variables associated with future overt type 2 diabetes in patients with impaired fasting glucose were total cholesterol level (hazard ratio, 1.22; 95% CI 1.0 to 1.51) and body mass index (hazard ratio, 1.10; 95% CI, 1.05 to 1.16). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Bezafibrate reduces the incidence and delays the onset of type 2 diabetes in patients with impaired fasting glucose. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Whether the combination of bezafibrate with other recommended drugs for secondary prevention (statins and ACE inhibitors) would be as efficacious as suggested by our results remains to be determined. 	 CONCLUSIONS
PROBLEM/CONDITION Since 1973, CDC has maintained a collaborative surveillance program for collection and periodic reporting of data on the occurrence and causes of foodborne-disease outbreaks (FBDOs) in the United States. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This summary reviews data from January 1993 through December 1997. 	 REPORTING PERIOD COVERED
OF SYSTEM The Foodborne-Disease Outbreak Surveillance System reviews data concerning FBDOs, defined as the occurrence of two or more cases of a similar illness resulting from the ingestion of a common food. 	 DESCRIPTION
State and local public health departments have primary responsibility for identifying and investigating FBDOs. 	 DESCRIPTION
State, local, and territorial health departments use a standard form to report these outbreaks to CDC. 	 DESCRIPTION
During 1993-1997, a total of 2,751 outbreaks of foodborne disease were reported (489 in 1993, 653 in 1994, 628 in 1995, 477 in 1996, and 504 in 1997). 	 RESULTS
These outbreaks caused a reported 86,058 persons to become ill. 	 RESULTS
Among outbreaks for which the etiology was determined, bacterial pathogens caused the largest percentage of outbreaks (75%) and the largest percentage of cases (86%). 	 RESULTS
Salmonella serotype Enteritidis accounted for the largest number of outbreaks, cases, and deaths; most of these outbreaks were attributed to eating eggs. 	 RESULTS
Chemical agents caused 17% of outbreaks and 1% of cases; viruses, 6% of outbreaks and 8% of cases; and parasites, 2% of outbreaks and 5% of cases. 	 RESULTS
The annual number of FBDOs reported to CDC did not change substantially during this period or from previous years. 	 INTERPRETATION
During this reporting period, S. Enteritidis continued to be a major cause of illness and death. 	 INTERPRETATION
In addition, multistate outbreaks caused by contaminated produce and outbreaks caused by Escherichia coli O157:H7 remained prominent. 	 INTERPRETATION
Current methods to detect FBDOs are improving, and several changes to improve the ease and timeliness of reporting FBDO data are occurring (e.g., a revised form to simplify FBDO reporting by state health departments and electronic reporting methods). 	 ACTIONS TAKEN
State and local health departments continue to investigate and report FBDOs as part of efforts to better understand and define the epidemiology of foodborne disease in the United States. 	 ACTIONS TAKEN
At the regional and national levels, surveillance data provide an indication of the etiologic agents, vehicles of transmission, and contributing factors associated with FBDOs and help direct public health actions to reduce illness and death caused by FBDOs. 	 ACTIONS TAKEN
AIMS/HYPOTHESIS We assessed the association between congenital malformations and maternal hyperglycemia in pregnant women with pregestational (type 1 or type 2) diabetes and investigated if the rate of congenital malformations was similar in women with near-normal glycemic control compared to the background population. 	 ACTIONS TAKEN
We also assessed the association between congenital malformations and maternal hyperglycemia in pregnant women with pregestational diabetes with special focus on women with near-normal HbA1c in early pregnancy. 	 ACTIONS TAKEN
This is a literature review based on an electronic literature search of the databases PubMed, Cochrane, Embase and Web of Science conducted in July 2017 using the search terms diabetes, pregnancy, HbA1c or glycemic control and congenital anomaly or congenital anomaly. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
We included original papers in English published after 1997 with data on congenital malformations and HbA1c in at least 250 women with pregestational diabetes. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
Nine papers with in total 6225 women with type 1 diabetes and 2334 women with type 2 diabetes were included. 	 RESULTS
The prevalence of congenital malformations was 6.4% in women with type 1 diabetes and 4.3% in women with type 2 diabetes and for the combined group of women with pregestational diabetes, the relative risk compared to the background population was 3.2. 	 RESULTS
In women with HbA1c < 53 mmol/mol (7.0%) in early pregnancy or HbA1c 53-64 mmol/mol (7.0-8.0%) the prevalence of congenital malformations was 4.3 and 3.7%, respectively, with a relative risk of 2.2 and 1.9, respectively. 	 RESULTS
In pregnant women with pregestational diabetes the prevalence of congenital abnormalities was threefold higher in women with pregestational diabetes compared to the background population. 	 CONCLUSIONS
However, HbA1c below 53 mmol/mol (7.0%) in early pregnancy was also associated with a two times increased risk of congenital malformations compared to the background population. 	 CONCLUSIONS
OF REVIEW The aim of this study is to highlight some recent uses of serum metabolomics in human and animal studies. 	 PURPOSE
The main themes are the importance of understanding the underlying variation in human metabolism and the use of serum metabolomics in disease profiling. 	 PURPOSE
Several studies have attempted to use serum metabolomics to develop noninvasive biomarkers of disease and/or track the consequences of nutritional and genetic interventions. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
Many advances have been made with common changes being identified in ageing, the menopause and cancer but several problems of interpretation have emerged from these studies. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
These include the small sample sizes in most human studies and the differences between human and rodent metabolomes. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
However, a metabolic screen of over 1000 'healthy' humans (the Humsermet project) has highlighted many variables that may be used to refine the interpretation and design of previous and future human studies alike, in addition to data mining. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
Some common serum metabolome alterations have been identified but many inconsistencies remain. 	 SUMMARY
The construction of a human serum metabolome database should be informative in the design of future human and animal model studies. 	 SUMMARY
To evaluate the association between rates of progressive loss in different regions of the visual field and longitudinal changes in quality of life (QoL). 	 PURPOSE
Prospective, observational cohort study. 	 DESIGN
The study included 236 patients with glaucomatous visual field loss followed for an average of 4.3±1.5 years. 	 PARTICIPANTS
All subjects had the 25-item National Eye Institute Visual Functioning Questionnaire (NEI VFQ-25) performed annually and standard automated perimetry (SAP) at 6-month intervals. 	 METHODS
Subjects were included if they had a minimum of 2 NEI VFQ-25 and 5 SAP tests during follow-up. 	 METHODS
Evaluation of rates of visual field change was performed using 4 different regions (central inferior, central superior, peripheral inferior, and peripheral superior) of the integrated binocular visual field. 	 METHODS
The association between change in NEI VFQ-25 Rasch-calibrated scores and change in different regions of the visual field was investigated with a joint multivariable longitudinal linear mixed model. 	 METHODS
The relationship between change in QoL scores and change of mean sensitivity in different regions of the visual field. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
There was a significant correlation between change in the NEI VFQ-25 Rasch scores during follow-up and change in different regions of the visual field. 	 RESULTS
Each 1 decibel (dB)/year change in binocular mean sensitivity of the central inferior area was associated with a decline of 2.6 units/year in the NEI VFQ-25 scores (R(2) = 35%; P < 0.001). 	 RESULTS
Corresponding associations with change in QoL scores for the peripheral inferior, central superior, and peripheral superior areas of the visual field had R(2) values of 30%, 24%, and 19%, respectively. 	 RESULTS
The association for the central inferior visual field area was statistically significantly stronger than those of the central superior area (P = 0.011) and peripheral superior area (P = 0.001), but not the peripheral inferior area (P = 0.171). 	 RESULTS
Greater declines in NEI VFQ-25 scores were also seen in patients who had worse visual field sensitivity at baseline. 	 RESULTS
Progressive decline in sensitivity in the central inferior area of the visual field had the strongest association with longitudinal decline in QoL of patients with glaucoma. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Patients with type 2 diabetes have a 40% increased risk of bladder cancer. 	 BACKGROUND
Thiazolidinediones, especially pioglitazone, may increase the risk. 	 BACKGROUND
We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate the risk of bladder cancer among adults with type 2 diabetes taking thiazolidinediones. 	 BACKGROUND
We searched key biomedical databases (including MEDLINE, Embase and Scopus) and sources of grey literature from inception through March 2012 for published and unpublished studies, without language restrictions. 	 METHODS
We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs), cohort studies and case-control studies that reported incident bladder cancer among people with type 2 diabetes who ever (v. never) were exposed to pioglitazone (main outcome), rosiglitazone or any thiazolidinedione. 	 METHODS
Of the 1787 studies identified, we selected 4 RCTs, 5 cohort studies and 1 case-control study. 	 RESULTS
The total number of patients was 2,657,365, of whom 3643 had newly diagnosed bladder cancer, for an overall incidence of 53.1 per 100,000 person-years. 	 RESULTS
The one RCT that reported on pioglitazone use found no significant association with bladder cancer (risk ratio [RR] 2.36, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.91-6.13). 	 RESULTS
The cohort studies of thiazolidinediones (pooled RR 1.15, 95% CI 1.04-1.26; I(2) = 0%) and of pioglitazone specifically (pooled RR 1.22, 95% CI 1.07-1.39; I(2) = 0%) showed significant associations with bladder cancer. 	 RESULTS
No significant association with bladder cancer was observed in the two RCTs that evaluated rosiglitazone use (pooled RR 0.87, 95% CI 0.34-2.23; I(2) = 0%). 	 RESULTS
The limited evidence available supports the hypothesis that thiazolidinediones, particularly pioglitazone, are associated with an increased risk of bladder cancer among adults with type 2 diabetes. 	 INTERPRETATION
Patients with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection and tuberculosis have an increased risk of death, treatment failure, and relapse. 	 BACKGROUND
A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials and cohort studies was conducted to evaluate the impact of duration and dosing schedule of rifamycin and use of antiretroviral therapy in the treatment of active tuberculosis in HIV-positive patients. 	 METHODS
In included studies, the initial tuberculosis diagnosis, failure, and/or relapse were microbiologically confirmed, and patients received standardized rifampin- or rifabutin-containing regimens. 	 METHODS
Pooled cumulative incidence of treatment failure, death during treatment, and relapse were calculated using random-effects models. 	 METHODS
Multivariable meta-regression was performed using negative binomial regression. 	 METHODS
After screening 5158 citations, 6 randomized trials and 21 cohort studies were included. 	 RESULTS
Relapse was more common with regimens using 2 months rifamycin (adjusted risk ratio, 3.6; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-11.7) than with regimens using rifamycin for at least 8 months. 	 RESULTS
Compared with daily therapy in the initial phase (n=3352 patients from 35 study arms), thrice-weekly therapy (n=211 patients from 5 study arms) was associated with higher rates of failure (adjusted risk ratio, 4.0; 95% confidence interval, 1.5-10.4) and relapse [adjusted risk ratio, 4.8; 95% confidence interval, 1.8-12.8). 	 RESULTS
There were trends toward higher relapse rates if rifamycins were used for only 6 months, compared with > or =8 months, or if antiretroviral therapy was not used. 	 RESULTS
This review raises serious concerns regarding current recommendations for treatment of HIV-tuberculosis coinfection. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The data suggest that at least 8 months duration of rifamycin therapy, initial daily dosing, and concurrent antiretroviral therapy might be associated with better outcomes, but adequately powered randomized trials are urgently needed to confirm this. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Recent studies indicate the presence of a small, stem-like cell population in several human cancers that is crucial for the tumour (re)population. 	 BACKGROUND
Six established prostate cancer (PCa) cell lines-DU145, DuCaP, LAPC-4, 22Rv1, LNCaP, and PC-3-were examined for their stem cell properties in vitro. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTINGS, AND PARTICIPANTS The colony-forming efficiency and self-renewal ability of morphologically distinguishable holoclones and paraclones were tested with low-density plating and serial passaging. 	 OBJECTIVE
Expression of the putative stem cell marker CD133 and breast cancer resistance protein (BCRP) was examined with flow cytometry, and immunohistochemical stainings were made for CD133, alpha2-integrin, nestin, BCRP, cytokeratin 5 (CK5), and cytokeratin 18 (CK18). 	 OBJECTIVE
Five out of six cell lines formed clear holo-, mero-, and paraclones. 	 RESULTS AND LIMITATIONS
Unlike paraclones, we can maintain DU145 holoclones in culture for several passages, which is indicative of self-renewal ability. 	 RESULTS AND LIMITATIONS
Using fluorescence-activated cell sorting (FACS) analysis only in DU145 cells, a small fraction (0.01%) of CD133(+) cells was detected. 	 RESULTS AND LIMITATIONS
CD133(+) cells; however, like DU145 BCRP(+) (0.15%) cells, they were not more clonogenic, and they did not show more holoclone formation than the marker-negative cells or unselected cells. 	 RESULTS AND LIMITATIONS
Immunohistochemistry revealed alpha2-integrin and BCRP as potential stem cell markers and CK5 with the combination of CK18 to distinguish transient amplifying cells. 	 RESULTS AND LIMITATIONS
These results indicate the possible presence of stem-like cells in several established PCa cell lines. 	 CONCLUSIONS
CD133 selection does not enrich for stem-like cells in PCa cell lines. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The increased caloric requirements of HIV-positive individuals, undesirable side effects of treatment that may be worsened by malnutrition (but alleviated by nutritional support), and associated declines in adherence and possible increased drug resistance are all justifications for developing better interventions to strengthen the nutrition security of individuals receiving antiretroviral treatment. 	 BACKGROUND
To highlight key benefits and challenges relating to interventions aimed at strengthening the nutrition security of people living with HIV who are receiving antiretroviral treatment. 	 OBJECTIVE
Qualitative research was undertaken on a short-term nutrition intervention linked to the provision of free antiretroviral treatment for people living with HIV in western Kenya in late 2005 and early 2006. 	 METHODS
Patients enrolled in the food program while on treatment regimens self-reported greater adherence to their medication, fewer side effects, and a greater ability to satisfy increased appetite. 	 RESULTS
Most clients self-reported weight gain, recovery of physical strength, and the resumption of labor activities while enrolled in dual (food supplementation and treatment) programs. 	 RESULTS
Such improvements were seen to catalyze increased support from family and community. 	 RESULTS
These findings provide further empirical support to calls for a more holistic and comprehensive response to the coexistence of AIDS epidemics with chronic nutrition insecurity. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Future work is needed to clarify ways of bridging the gap between short-term nutritional support to individuals and longer-term livelihood security programming for communities affected by AIDS. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Such interdisciplinary research will need to be matched by intersectoral action on the part of the agriculture and health sectors in such environments. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Brain metastases develop in one third of patients with advanced HER2+ breast cancer. 	 PURPOSE
Effective therapy for patients with central nervous system (CNS) progression after cranial radiation is extremely limited and represents a major clinical challenge. 	 PURPOSE
Lapatinib, an epidermal growth factor receptor/HER2 inhibitor, was associated with regressions of CNS lesions in a small phase 2 trial. 	 PURPOSE
The current study was done to further evaluate the CNS activity of lapatinib. 	 PURPOSE
The study was later amended to allow patients who progressed on lapatinib the option of receiving lapatinib plus capecitabine. 	 PURPOSE
Eligible patients had HER2+ breast cancer, progressive brain metastases, prior trastuzumab, and cranial radiotherapy. 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
The primary end point was CNS objective response, defined as >or=50% volumetric reduction of CNS lesion(s) in the absence of increasing steroid use, progressive neurologic signs and symptoms, or progressive extra-CNS disease. 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Two-hundred and forty-two patients entered the study. 	 RESULTS
objective responses to lapatinib were observed in 6% of patients. 	 CNS
In an exploratory analysis, 21% of patients experienced a >or=20% volumetric reduction in their CNS lesions. 	 CNS
An association was observed between volumetric reduction and improvement in progression-free survival and neurologic signs and symptoms. 	 CNS
Of the 50 evaluable patients who entered the lapatinib plus capecitabine extension, 20% experienced a CNS objective response and 40% experienced a >or=20% volumetric reduction in their CNS lesions. 	 CNS
This study confirms the modest CNS antitumor activity of lapatinib. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Additional responses were observed with the combination of lapatinib and capecitabine. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Further studies of lapatinib-based regimens for CNS metastases from HER2+ breast cancer are warranted. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) is common type of human cancer, but little is known about the molecular mechanisms deciding on this malignancy. 	 BACKGROUND
Comprehensive gene expression profiling is essential for understanding OSCC. 	 BACKGROUND
cDNA microarray was used to analyze expression patterns of 16 617 genes in nine OSCC patients. 	 METHODS
Forty-seven genes with altered expression among all cases were extracted. 	 RESULTS
The ontology of these 47 genes was classified into 10 categories. 	 RESULTS
To validate the microarray data, the expression of genes, including TGFBI, FADD and DUSP1 was analyzed by reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). 	 RESULTS
By hierarchical clustering analysis, the nine cases were divided into two clusters. 	 RESULTS
The 47 genes are suggested as having a functional significance in oral squamous cell carcinogenesis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
It is also suggested that the gene expression patterns by hierarchical clustering analysis can represent degrees of differentiation. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The postoperative recovery was uneventful and patients free from tumor after surgery. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In the future, on the occasion when the time comes that the number of cases accumulated for microarray increases and each case is observed more over a long-term, these data of 5-year survival rate will be added. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Thereby, it will become possible to represent the malignancy of OSCC by these gene expression patterns. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Although patients with gastroesophageal reflux are often instructed to change their lifestyle, population-based data on the risk factors for reflux in the United States are lacking. 	 BACKGROUND
We performed a cross-sectional study in an age- and gender-stratified random sample of the population of Olmsted County, Minnesota. 	 METHODS
Residents aged 25 to 74 years were mailed a valid self-report questionnaire that measured reflux symptoms and potential risk factors. 	 METHODS
Logistic regression was used to estimate the odds ratios (OR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) for reflux symptoms (heartburn or acid regurgitation) associated with potential risk factors. 	 METHODS
Overall, 1,524 (72%) of 2,118 eligible subjects responded. 	 RESULTS
A body mass index >30 kg/m2 (OR = 2.8; CI, 1.7 to 4.5), reporting an immediate family member with heartburn or disease of the esophagus or stomach (OR = 2.6; CI, 1.8 to 3.7), a past history of smoking (OR = 1.6; CI, 1.1 to 2.3), consuming more than seven drinks per week (OR = 1.9; Cl, 1.1 to 3.3), and a higher psychosomatic symptom checklist score (OR per 5 units = 1.4; CI, 1.3 to 1.6) were independently associated with frequent (at least weekly) reflux symptoms. 	 RESULTS
Obesity is a strong risk factor for gastroesophageal reflux, although the value of weight reduction remains to be proven. 	 CONCLUSION
That family history was also a risk factor suggests that there may be a genetic component to the disorder. 	 CONCLUSION
- To study the relative and population-attributable risks of hypertension for the development of congestive heart failure (CHF), to assess the time course of progression from hypertension to CHF, and to identify risk factors that contribute to the development of overt heart failure in hypertensive subjects. 	 OBJECTIVES
- Inception cohort study. 	 DESIGN
- General community. 	 SETTING
- Original Framingham Heart Study and Framingham Offspring Study participants aged 40 to 89 years and free of CHF. 	 PARTICIPANTS
To reflect more contemporary experience, the starting point of this study was January 1, 1970. 	 PARTICIPANTS
- Hypertension (blood pressure of at least 140 mm Hg systolic or 90 mm Hg diastolic or current use of medications for treatment of high blood pressure) and other potential CHF risk factors were assessed at periodic clinic examinations. 	 EXPOSURE MEASURES
- The development of CHF. 	 OUTCOME MEASURE
- A total of 5143 eligible subjects contributed 72422 person-years of observation. 	 RESULTS
During up to 20.1 years of follow-up (mean, 14.1 years), there were 392 new cases of heart failure; in 91% (357/392), hypertension antedated the development of heart failure. 	 RESULTS
Adjusting for age and heart failure risk factors in proportional hazards regression models, the hazard for developing heart failure in hypertensive compared with normotensive subjects was about 2-fold in men and 3-fold in women. 	 RESULTS
Multivariable analyses revealed that hypertension had a high population-attributable risk for CHF, accounting for 39% of cases in men and 59% in women. 	 RESULTS
Among hypertensive subjects, myocardial infarction, diabetes, left ventricular hypertrophy, and valvular heart disease were predictive of increased risk for CHF in both sexes. 	 RESULTS
Survival following the onset of hypertensive CHF was bleak; only 24% of men and 31% of women survived 5 years. 	 RESULTS
- Hypertension was the most common risk factor for CHF, and it contributed a large proportion of heart failure cases in this population-based sample. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Preventive strategies directed toward earlier and more aggressive blood pressure control are likely to offer the greatest promise for reducing the incidence of CHF and its associated mortality. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Being overweight is often cited as a relative contraindication to peritoneal dialysis. 	 BACKGROUND
Our primary objective was to determine whether actual mortality rates support this opinion. 	 BACKGROUND
Retrospective cohort study of United States Medicare patients initiating dialysis between 1995 and 2000 (N = 418,021; 11% peritoneal dialysis). 	 METHODS
Seven percent were underweight [body mass index (BMI) < 18.5 kg/m2], 27% were overweight (BMI 25.0 to 29.9 kg/m2), and 23% were obese (BMI> 29.9 kg/m2) at dialysis initiation. 	 RESULTS
Compared to those with normal BMI, the adjusted odds of initiating peritoneal dialysis were 0.70 (P < 0.05) in underweight, 1.12 (P < 0.05) in overweight, and 0.87 (P < 0.05) in obese subjects. 	 RESULTS
Among peritoneal dialysis patients, adjusted mortality hazard ratios in the first, second, and third year were 1.45 (P < 0.05), 1.28 (P < 0.05), and 1.17 for the underweight, respectively; 0.84 (P < 0.05), 0.89 (P < 0.05), and 0.98 for the overweight, respectively; and 0.89 (P < 0.05), 0.99, and 1.00 for the obese, respectively. 	 RESULTS
Apart from higher third-year mortality in the obese, associations were similar after censoring at a switch to hemodialysis. 	 RESULTS
For transplantation, the corresponding results were 0.76 (P < 0.05), 0.90 (P < 0.05), and 0.88 for the underweight, respectively; 0.95, 1.06, and 0.93 for the overweight, respectively; and 0.62 (P < 0.05), 0.68, and 0.71 for the obese, respectively. 	 RESULTS
For switching to hemodialysis, hazards ratios were 0.92, 0.97, and 0.80 for the underweight, respectively; 1.07, 1.11 (P < 0.05), and 1.03 for the overweight, respectively; and 1.28 (P < 0.05), 1.29 (P < 0.05), and 1.36 (P < 0.05) for the obese, respectively. 	 RESULTS
Although less likely to initiate peritoneal dialysis, overweight and obese peritoneal dialysis patients have longer survival than those with lower BMI, not adequately explained by lower transplantation and technique survival rates. 	 CONCLUSION
Increasing evidence supports the hypothesis of a causal association between certain bacterial infections and increased risk of developing acute myocardial infarction. 	 CONTEXT
If such a causal association exists, subjects who used antibiotics active against the bacteria, regardless of indication, might be at lower risk of developing acute myocardial infarction than nonusers. 	 CONTEXT
To determine whether previous use of antibiotics decreases the risk of developing a first-time acute myocardial infarction. 	 OBJECTIVE
Population-based case-control analysis. 	 DESIGN
The United Kingdom-based General Practice Research Database comprising 350 general practices. 	 SETTING
A total of 3315 case patients aged 75 years or younger with a diagnosis of first-time acute myocardial infarction between 1992 and 1997 and 13139 controls without myocardial infarction matched to cases for age, sex, general practice attended, and calendar time. 	 PATIENTS
Use of antibiotics among those who did or did not have a first-time acute myocardial infarction. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Cases were significantly less likely to have used tetracycline antibiotics (adjusted odds ratio [OR], 0.70; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.55-0.90) or quinolones (adjusted OR, 0.45; 95% CI, 0.21-0.95). 	 RESULTS
No effect was found for previous use of macrolides (primarily erythromycin), sulfonamides, penicillins, or cephalosporins. 	 RESULTS
The findings from this large case-control analysis provide further, albeit indirect, evidence for an association between bacterial infections with organisms susceptible to tetracycline or quinolone antibiotics and the risk of acute myocardial infarction. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These results of preliminary nature should stimulate more research to further explore the role of infections in the etiology of acute myocardial infarction. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Fingolimod (FTY720) is a new oral immunomodulating agent under evaluation for the treatment of relapsing multiple sclerosis. 	 BACKGROUND
We randomly assigned 281 patients to receive oral fingolimod, at a dose of 1.25 mg or 5.0 mg, or a placebo once daily, and we followed these patients for 6 months with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and clinical evaluations (core study, months 0 to 6). 	 METHODS
The primary end point was the total number of gadolinium-enhanced lesions recorded on T(1)-weighted MRI at monthly intervals for 6 months. 	 METHODS
In an extension study in which the investigators and patients remained unaware of the dose assignments (months 7 to 12), patients who received placebo underwent randomization again to one of the fingolimod doses. 	 METHODS
A total of 255 patients completed the core study. 	 RESULTS
The median total number of gadolinium-enhanced lesions on MRI was lower with 1.25 mg of fingolimod (1 lesion, P<0.001) and 5.0 mg of fingolimod (3 lesions, P=0.006) than with placebo (5 lesions). 	 RESULTS
The annualized relapse rate was 0.77 in the placebo group, as compared with 0.35 in the group given 1.25 mg of fingolimod (P=0.009) and 0.36 in the group given 5.0 mg of fingolimod (P=0.01). 	 RESULTS
For the 227 patients who completed the extension study, the number of gadolinium-enhanced lesions and relapse rates remained low in the groups that received continuous fingolimod, and both measures decreased in patients who switched from placebo to fingolimod. 	 RESULTS
Adverse events included nasopharyngitis, dyspnea, headache, diarrhea, and nausea. 	 RESULTS
Clinically asymptomatic elevations of alanine aminotransferase levels were more frequent with fingolimod (10 to 12%, vs. 1% in the placebo group). 	 RESULTS
One case of the posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome occurred in the 5.0-mg group. 	 RESULTS
Fingolimod was also associated with an initial reduction in the heart rate and a modest decrease in the forced expiratory volume in 1 second. 	 RESULTS
In this proof-of-concept study, fingolimod reduced the number of lesions detected on MRI and clinical disease activity in patients with multiple sclerosis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Evaluation in larger, longer-term studies is warranted. 	 CONCLUSIONS
(Clinicaltrials.gov numbers, NCT00333138 [core study] and NCT00235430 [ClinicalTrials.gov] [extension].). 	 CONCLUSIONS
The literature describing the global prevalence of anxiety disorders is highly variable. 	 BACKGROUND
A systematic review and meta-regression were undertaken to estimate the prevalence of anxiety disorders and to identify factors that may influence these estimates. 	 BACKGROUND
The findings will inform the new Global Burden of Disease study. 	 BACKGROUND
Method A systematic review identified prevalence studies of anxiety disorders published between 1980 and 2009. 	 BACKGROUND
Electronic databases, reference lists, review articles and monographs were searched and experts then contacted to identify missing studies. 	 BACKGROUND
Substantive and methodological factors associated with inter-study variability were identified through meta-regression analyses and the global prevalence of anxiety disorders was calculated adjusting for study methodology. 	 BACKGROUND
The prevalence of anxiety disorders was obtained from 87 studies across 44 countries. 	 RESULTS
Estimates of current prevalence ranged between 0.9% and 28.3% and past-year prevalence between 2.4% and 29.8%. 	 RESULTS
Substantive factors including gender, age, culture, conflict and economic status, and urbanicity accounted for the greatest proportion of variability. 	 RESULTS
Methodological factors in the final multivariate model (prevalence period, number of disorders and diagnostic instrument) explained an additional 13% of variance between studies. 	 RESULTS
The global current prevalence of anxiety disorders adjusted for methodological differences was 7.3% (4.8-10.9%) and ranged from 5.3% (3.5-8.1%) in African cultures to 10.4% (7.0-15.5%) in Euro/Anglo cultures. 	 RESULTS
Anxiety disorders are common and the substantive and methodological factors identified here explain much of the variability in prevalence estimates. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Specific attention should be paid to cultural differences in responses to survey instruments for anxiety disorders. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Long-term travelers, defined here as those traveling for periods of 6 months or longer, face particular challenges regarding malaria prevention. 	 CONTEXT
Current guidelines for malaria prevention primarily address prevention of Plasmodium falciparum infections in short-term travelers. 	 CONTEXT
To examine the risk of malaria in long-term travelers, recent developments in personal protective measures, and the safety and tolerability of malaria chemoprophylaxis during long-term use and to consider prevention strategies including continuous chemoprophylaxis, stand-by emergency self-treatment, seasonal prophylaxis, and strategies to prevent primary infection and relapses from P vivax malaria. 	 OBJECTIVES
Comprehensive search of scientific publications including MEDLINE via both OVID and PubMED for relevant studies and articles with a cutoff date of July 2006, using the search terms long-term travel and malaria prevention, long-term malaria chemoprophylaxis, and insect repellent and malaria. 	 EVIDENCE ACQUISITION
Additional references were obtained from searching the bibliographies of the selected articles, from dissertations, and from the proceedings of relevant conferences on travel medicine. 	 EVIDENCE ACQUISITION
There were no language restrictions. 	 EVIDENCE ACQUISITION
Long-term travelers have a higher risk of malaria than short-term travelers. 	 EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS
Long-term travelers underuse personal protective measures and adhere poorly to continuous chemoprophylaxis regimens. 	 EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS
A number of strategies are used during long-term stays: discontinuation of chemoprophylaxis after the initial period, sequential regimens with different medications for chemoprophylaxis, stand-by emergency self-treatment, and seasonal chemoprophylaxis targeting high-incidence periods or locations. 	 EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS
All strategies have advantages and drawbacks. 	 EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS
Counterfeit drugs sold in countries endemic for malaria pose serious concern for long-term travelers who purchase their medications overseas. 	 EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS
Vivax malaria causes significant illness in travelers, but relapses of vivax malaria are not prevented with the current first-line chemoprophylaxis regimens. 	 EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS
Consensus guidelines are needed for prevention of malaria in long-term travelers. 	 EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS
Prevention of malaria in long-term travelers is a complex issue and requires expert advice from travel medicine specialists. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Recommendations for prevention of malaria in long-term travelers must be individualized. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To determine the incidence of surgically managed pelvic organ prolapse and urinary incontinence in a population-based cohort, and to describe their clinical characteristics. 	 OBJECTIVE
Our retrospective cohort study included all patients undergoing surgical treatment for prolapse and incontinence during 1995; all were members of Kaiser Permanente Northwest, which included 149,554 women age 20 or older. 	 METHODS
A standardized data-collection form was used to review all inpatient and outpatient charts of the 395 women identified. 	 METHODS
Variables examined included age, ethnicity, height, weight, vaginal parity, smoking history, medical history, and surgical history, including the preoperative evaluation, procedure performed, and details of all prior procedures. 	 METHODS
Analysis included calculation of age-specific and cumulative incidences and determination of the number of primary operations compared with repeat operations performed for prolapse or incontinence. 	 METHODS
The age-specific incidence increased with advancing age. 	 RESULTS
The lifetime risk of undergoing a single operation for prolapse or incontinence by age 80 was 11.1%. 	 RESULTS
Most patients were older, postmenopausal, parous, and overweight. 	 RESULTS
Nearly half were current or former smokers and one-fifth had chronic lung disease. 	 RESULTS
Reoperation was common (29.2% of cases), and the time intervals between repeat procedures decreased with each successive repair. 	 RESULTS
Pelvic floor dysfunction is a major health issue for older women, as shown by the 11.1% lifetime risk of undergoing a single operation for pelvic organ prolapse and urinary incontinence, as well as the large proportion of reoperations. 	 CONCLUSION
Our results warrant further epidemiologic research in order to determine the etiology, natural history, and long-term treatment outcomes of these conditions. 	 CONCLUSION
Prevention of cognitive decline and dementia with blood pressure lowering treatments has shown inconsistent results. 	 OBJECTIVES
We compared the effects of different classes of antihypertensive drugs on the incidence of dementia, and on cognitive function. 	 OBJECTIVES
We conducted a systematic review and included 19 randomized trials (18 515 individuals) and 11 studies (831 674 individuals) analysing the effects of antihypertensive treatment on cognition and on the incidence of dementia, respectively, in hypertensive patients without prior cerebrovascular disorders. 	 METHODS
Network meta-analysis was used for the comparison of antihypertensive classes. 	 METHODS
Antihypertensive treatment, regardless of the drug class, had benefits on overall cognition [effect size 0.05, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.02-0.07] and all cognitive functions except language. 	 RESULTS
Antihypertensive treatment reduced the risk of all-cause dementia by 9%, with reference to the control group (hazard ratio 0.91, 95% CI 0.89-0.94), when randomized trials and observationnal studies were combined (n = 15). 	 RESULTS
Result was not significant with randomized trials alone (n = 4). 	 RESULTS
Angiotensin II receptor blockers (ARBs) had larger benefits than placebo on overall cognition (adjusted effect size 0.60 ± 0.18, P = 0.02). 	 RESULTS
ARBs were more effective than β-blockers (0.67 ± 0.18, P = 0.01), diuretics (0.54 ± 0.19, P = 0.04) and angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (0.47 ± 0.17, P = 0.04) in rank. 	 RESULTS
The mean change in blood pressure did not differ significantly between the different antihypertensive drug classes. 	 RESULTS
Our results support the notion that antihypertensive treatment has beneficial effects on cognitive decline and prevention of dementia, and indicate that these effects may differ between drug classes with ARBs possibly being the most effective. 	 CONCLUSION
Hyperinsulinemia may promote mammary carcinogenesis. 	 OBJECTIVE
Insulin resistance has been linked to an increased risk of breast cancer and is also characteristic of type 2 diabetes. 	 OBJECTIVE
We prospectively evaluated the association between type 2 diabetes and invasive breast cancer incidence in the Nurses' Health Study. 	 OBJECTIVE
A total of 116,488 female nurses who were 30-55 years old and free of cancer in 1976 were followed through 1996 for the occurrence of type 2 diabetes and through 1998 for incident invasive breast cancer, verified by medical records and pathology reports. 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
During 2.3 million person-years of follow-up, we identified 6,220 women with type 2 diabetes and 5,189 incident cases of invasive breast cancer. 	 RESULTS
Women with type 2 diabetes had a modestly elevated incidence of breast cancer (hazard ratio [HR] = 1.17; 95% CI 1.01-1.35) compared with women without diabetes, independent of age, obesity, family history of breast cancer, history of benign breast disease, reproductive factors, physical activity, and alcohol consumption. 	 RESULTS
This association was apparent among postmenopausal women (1.16; 0.98-1.62) but not premenopausal women (0.83; 0.48-1.42). 	 RESULTS
The association was predominant among women with estrogen receptor-positive breast cancer (1.22; 1.01-1.47). 	 RESULTS
Women with type 2 diabetes may have a slightly increased risk of breast cancer. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In systemic amyloidosis the distribution and progression of disease have been difficult to monitor, because they can be demonstrated only by biopsy. 	 BACKGROUND
Serum amyloid P component (SAP) is a normal circulating plasma protein that is deposited on amyloid fibrils because of its specific binding affinity for them. 	 BACKGROUND
We investigated whether labeled SAP could be used to locate amyloid deposits. 	 BACKGROUND
Purified human SAP labeled with iodine-123 was given intravenously to 50 patients with biopsy-proved systemic amyloidosis--25 with the AL (primary) type and 25 with the AA (secondary) type--and to 26 control patients with disease and 10 healthy subjects. 	 METHODS
Whole-body images and regional views were obtained after 24 hours and read in a blinded fashion. 	 METHODS
In the patients with amyloidosis the 123I-SAP was localized rapidly and specifically in amyloid deposits. 	 RESULTS
The scintigraphic images obtained were characteristic and appeared to identify the extent of amyloid deposition in all 50 patients. 	 RESULTS
There was no uptake of the 123I-SAP by the control patients and the healthy subjects. 	 RESULTS
In all patients with AA amyloidosis the spleen was affected, whereas the scans showed uptake in the heart, skin, carpal region, and bone marrow only in patients with the AL type. 	 RESULTS
Positive images were seen in six patients in whom biopsies had been negative or unsuccessful; in all six, amyloid was subsequently found on biopsy or at autopsy. 	 RESULTS
Progressive amyloid deposition was observed in 9 of 11 patients studied serially. 	 RESULTS
Scintigraphy after the injection of 123I-SAP can be used for diagnosing, locating, and monitoring the extent of systemic amyloidosis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In the initial report of the Lupron Depot Neoadjuvant Prostate Cancer Study Group patients who received 3 months of androgen deprivation had a significant decrease in the positive margin rate. 	 PURPOSE
We monitored these patients for 5 years and to our knowledge present the longest followup of any neoadjuvant trial. 	 PURPOSE
A multi-institutional prospective randomized trial was performed between February 1992 and April 1994 involving patients with stage cT2b prostate cancer, including 138 who received 3 months of leuprolide plus flutamide before radical prostatectomy and 144 who underwent radical prostatectomy only. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
Patients were followed every 6 months with serum prostate specific antigen (PSA) testing for 5 years. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
Biochemical recurrence was defined as PSA greater than 0.4 ng./ml. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
At 5 years there was no difference in the biochemical recurrence rate. 	 RESULTS
was less than 0.4 ng./ml. 	 PSA
in 64.8% of the patients in the neoadjuvant androgen ablation plus prostatectomy and 67.6% in the prostatectomy only group (p = 0.663). 	 PSA
Although 3 months of androgen deprivation before radical prostatectomy resulted in an apparently significant decrease in positive surgical margins, a 5-year followup does not indicate any difference in the recurrence rate. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Until studies document improvement in biochemical or clinical recurrence with longer periods of treatment, induction androgen deprivation before radical prostatectomy is not indicated. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Concurrent use of multiple standing antipsychotics (antipsychotic polypharmacy) is increasingly common among both inpatients and outpatients. 	 BACKGROUND
Although this has often been cited as a potential quality-of-care problem, reviews of research evidence on antipsychotic polypharmacy have not distinguished between appropriate versus inappropriate use. 	 BACKGROUND
A MEDLINE search from 1966 to December 2007 was completed to identify studies comparing changes in symptoms, functioning, and/or side effects between patients treated with multiple antipsychotics and patients treated with a single antipsychotic. 	 METHODS
The studies were reviewed in two groups on the basis of whether prescribing was concordant with guideline recommendations for multiple-antipsychotic use. 	 METHODS
A review of the literature, including three randomized controlled trials, found no support for the use of antipsychotic polypharmacy in patients without an established history of treatment resistance to multiple trials of monotherapy. 	 RESULTS
In patients with a history of treatment resistance to multiple monotherapy trials, limited data support antipsychotic polypharmacy, but positive outcomes were primarily found in studies of clozapine augmented with a second-generation antipsychotic. 	 RESULTS
Research evidence is consistent with the goal of avoiding antipsychotic polypharmacy in patients who lack guideline-recommended indications for its use. 	 DISCUSSION
The Joint Commission is implementing a core measure set for Hospital-Based Inpatient Psychiatric Services. 	 DISCUSSION
Two of the measures address antipsychotic polypharmacy. 	 DISCUSSION
The first measure assesses the overall rate. 	 DISCUSSION
The second measure determines whether clinically appropriate justification has been documented supporting the use of more than one antipsychotic medication. 	 DISCUSSION
To determine the outcome of patients that underwent liver resection for metastases from uveal melanoma. 	 AIM
Over a 9-year period, patients referred with uveal melanoma metastases were included. 	 METHODS
Following treatment of primary uveal melanoma, high-risk patients were offered to be enrolled into a 6-monthly non-contrast liver magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) surveillance. 	 METHODS
Following detection of liver metastases, patients were staged with a contrast-enhanced (Primovist(®)) liver MRI, computer tomography (CT) of the thorax and staging laparoscopy. 	 METHODS
155 patients were referred with uveal melanoma liver metastases, of which 17 (11.0%) patients had liver resection and one patient was treated with percutaneous radio-frequency ablation. 	 RESULTS
The majority of patients undergoing liver resection were treated with multiple metastectomies (n = 8) and three patients had major liver resections. 	 RESULTS
The overall median survival for patients treated with surgery/ablation was 27 (14-90) months, and this was significantly better compared to patients treated palliatively [median = 8(1-30) months, P < 0.001]. 	 RESULTS
Following surgery, 11 patients had recurrent disease [median = 13(6-36) months]. 	 RESULTS
Patients who had undergone a major liver resection had a significantly poorer disease-free survival (P = 0.037). 	 RESULTS
Patients who can undergo surgical resection for metastatic uveal melanoma have a more favorable survival compared to those who do not. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To evaluate serum amylase and lipase levels and the rate of acute pancreatitis in patients with type 2 diabetes and high cardiovascular risk randomized to liraglutide or placebo and observed for 3.5-5.0 years. 	 OBJECTIVE
A total of 9,340 patients with type 2 diabetes were randomized to either liraglutide or placebo (median observation time 3.84 years). 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
Fasting serum lipase and amylase were monitored. 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
Acute pancreatitis was adjudicated in a blinded manner. 	 RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS
Compared with the placebo group, liraglutide-treated patients had increases in serum lipase and amylase of 28.0% and 7.0%, respectively. 	 RESULTS
Levels were increased at 6 months and then remained stable. 	 RESULTS
During the study, 18 (0.4% [1.1 events/1,000 patient-years of observation] [PYO]) liraglutide-treated and 23 (0.5% [1.7 events/1,000 PYO]) placebo patients had acute pancreatitis confirmed by adjudication. 	 RESULTS
Most acute pancreatitis cases occurred ≥12 months after randomization. 	 RESULTS
Liraglutide-treated patients with prior history of pancreatitis (n = 147) were not more likely to develop acute pancreatitis than similar patients in the placebo group (n = 120). 	 RESULTS
Elevations of amylase and lipase levels did not predict future risk of acute pancreatitis (positive predictive value <1.0%) in patients treated with liraglutide. 	 RESULTS
In a population with type 2 diabetes at high cardiovascular risk, there were numerically fewer events of acute pancreatitis among liraglutide-treated patients (regardless of previous history of pancreatitis) compared with the placebo group. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Liraglutide was associated with increases in serum lipase and amylase, which were not predictive of an event of subsequent acute pancreatitis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Although zoledronic acid (ZOL), a third-generation nitrogen-containing bisphosphonate, has been identified as an attractive therapeutic agent against breast cancer, prostate cancer, multiple myeloma as well as small-cell lung cancer (SCLC), as best as we are aware, the anti-tumor effect of ZOL upon non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) remains to be effectively investigated. 	 BACKGROUND
This study examined the effects of ZOL upon the line-1 tumor cell, using a murine lung adenocarcinoma cell line similar to the behavior of human lung adenocarcinoma. 	 BACKGROUND
We investigated the anti-tumor effects of ZOL (3-100 microM) on line-1 tumor cells in vitro, including cellular proliferation, by means of an MTT assay, cell-cycle analysis by flow cytometry and by assessing the level of apoptosis by annexin V/propidium iodide (PI) and 4'-6-diamidino-2-phenylindole (DAPI) staining. 	 METHODS
Further, we evaluated the growth and survival of line-1 tumor cells following ZOL treatment (1 microg/kg/week) using an animal model. 	 METHODS
We also examined the in vivo cell-cycle pattern using lacZ-expressing line-1 cells (line-1/lacZ). 	 METHODS
significantly slowed the line-1 tumor growth in a dose-dependent manner in vitro. 	 RESULTS ZOL
The treated line-1 tumor cells typically arrested at the S/G2/M-phase of the cell-cycle following ZOL exposure, but no apoptotic cells could be detected by either annexin V/PI or DAPI staining. 	 RESULTS ZOL
When the ZOL was washed out, the drug-inhibited cells continued to proliferate again and the cell-cycle prolongation elicited earlier by the drug, then disappeared. 	 RESULTS ZOL
Within 72-96 h following drug removal, the cell-cycle of the treated cells revealed a similar distribution to that of the untreated controls. 	 RESULTS ZOL
In vivo studies demonstrated that ZOL significantly slowed the line-1 tumor growth. 	 RESULTS ZOL
Indeed, mice lived significantly longer when they had been ZOL-treated than was the case for untreated mice (p<0.05). 	 RESULTS ZOL
Using line-1/lacZ cells, the in vivo cell-cycle distribution of line-1 tumor cells subsequent to ZOL exposure revealed S/G2/M-phase arrest that was identical to the in vitro culture. 	 RESULTS ZOL
maintains the potential to reduce tumor burden and prolong survival for murine pulmonary adenocarcinoma. 	 CONCLUSIONS ZOL
The flow cytometrical analysis of cell-cycle demonstrated that ZOL induces no apoptosis but is able to arrest line-1 tumor cells at the S/G2/M-phase. 	 CONCLUSIONS ZOL
Although the clinical relevance of these results warrants verification for human lung cancer patients, ZOL combined with chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy appears to be a new therapeutic strategy for the effective treatment of NSCLC. 	 CONCLUSIONS ZOL
The rural health district of Hlabisa, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.   OBJECTIVES To assess the acceptability and effectiveness of traditional healers as supervisors of tuberculosis (TB) treatment in an existing directly observed treatment, short-course (DOTS) programme. 	 SETTING
An observational study comparing treatment outcomes among new TB patients in the three intervention sub-districts offered the additional option of traditional healers for directly observed treatment (DOT) supervision with those in the remainder of the district offered the standard range of options for DOT supervision (health facility, community health worker and lay persons). 	 DESIGN
A comparison was also made of treatment outcomes between different options for DOT supervision. 	 DESIGN
A total of 3461 TB patients were registered in Hlabisa District from April 1999 to December 2000, of whom 2823 were discharged from hospital to the ambulatory DOT programme. 	 RESULTS
Treatment outcomes were known for 1816 patients in Hlabisa District (275 patients in the intervention area and 1541 patients in the control area). 	 RESULTS
There was no significant difference (P < 0.5) in treatment outcome in the intervention and control areas (77% vs. 75%). 	 RESULTS
Among 275 patients with known outcomes in the intervention area, 48 patients were supervised by traditional healers and 227 patients supervised by people other than traditional healers. 	 RESULTS
Treatment completion was not significantly higher among patients supervised by traditional healers than among patients supervised by other categories of DOT supervisor (88% vs. 75%, P = 0.3841). 	 RESULTS
Interviews with 41 of 51 traditional healer patients who had completed treatment revealed high levels of satisfaction with the care received. 	 RESULTS
Traditional healers make an effective contribution to TB programme performance in this pilot scheme in Hlabisa district. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Further evaluation will be necessary as this approach is scaled up. 	 CONCLUSIONS
IS KNOWN AND OBJECTIVE There is a growing body of experimental and clinical evidence for the atherogenic and pro-thrombotic potential of Lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)], as well as for its causative role in coronary heart disease and stroke. 	 WHAT
We comment on novel strategies for reducing Lp(a) levels. 	 WHAT
Irrespective of the underlying biological mechanisms explaining the athero-thrombotic potential of this lipoprotein, most work has focused on the identification of suitable therapies for hyperlipoproteinemia(a). 	 COMMENT
These include apheresis techniques, nicotinic acid and statins. 	 COMMENT
None of these strategies have been shown to be definitely effective or convenient for the patient and new strategies are being attempted. 	 COMMENT
Promising results are emerging with therapeutic interventions targeting the 'inflammatory pathways' by inhibition of Interleukin-6 (IL-6) signalling with natural compounds (e.g., Ginko biloba) or the IL-6 receptor antibody Tocilizumab. 	 COMMENT
These may both lower Lp(a) and cardiovascular risk of the patients. 	 COMMENT
Besides inhibiting platelet function, antiplatelet therapy with aspirin may also decrease the plasma concentration of Lp(a) and modulate its influence on platelets. 	 COMMENT
IS NEW AND CONCLUSION 	 WHAT
We highlight the inadequacy of current approaches for lowering Lp(a) and draw attention to novel insights that may lead to better treatment. 	 WHAT
Paraquat is a commonly ingested poison especially in Southern India. 	 INTRODUCTION
There is no antidote for paraquat poison and consumption is often fatal. 	 INTRODUCTION
The usual cause of death is either acute lung injury or multi-organ failure. 	 INTRODUCTION
To evaluate the role of early haemoperfusion as a therapy in paraquat poisoned patients. 	 AIM
This study was a retrospective analysis of patients admitted to a Tertiary Medical College Hospital between January 2012 and December 2015 with history of paraquat consumption, comparing outcomes in those who received only gastric lavage and symptomatic treatment with those who received haemoperfusion as a therapy. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
The role of early haemoperfusion (≤ 6 hours) vs late haemoperfusion (> 6 hours) in paraquat poisoned patients was also compared. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
The data of these patients was extracted and analysed with respect to age, sex, mode of treatment, the outcome in patients who received early and late haemoperfusion. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
A total of 101 patients were studied out of which 62 died. 	 RESULTS
Deaths were more in those patients who received only gastric lavage with symptomatic treatment as therapy compared to those who received haemoperfusion i.e., 92.1% vs 42.9% respectively. 	 RESULTS
We also found that, the survival rate was better in patients who received early haemoperfusion. 	 RESULTS
Early haemoperfusion was helpful in the management of severe paraquat poisoning and improved the survival rate in these patients. 	 CONCLUSION
Although cerebral palsy (CP) among extremely premature infants has been reported as a major morbidity outcome, there are difficulties comparing published CP rates from many sites over various birth years. 	 CONTEXT
To assess the changes in population-based, gestational age-specific prevalence rates of CP among extremely premature infants over 30 years. 	 OBJECTIVE
Prospective population-based longitudinal outcome study. 	 DESIGN
In Northern Alberta, 2318 infants 20 to 27 weeks' gestational age with birth weights of 500 to 1249 g were liveborn from 1974 through 2003. 	 SETTING AND PARTICIPANTS
By 2 years of age, 1437 (62%) had died, 23 (1%) were lost to follow-up, and 858 (37%) had received multidisciplinary neurodevelopmental assessment. 	 SETTING AND PARTICIPANTS
Population-based prevalence rates of CP were determined. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
Logistic regression with linear spline was used to assess changes in CP prevalence over time. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
At age 2 years, 122 (14.2%) of 858 survivors had CP. 	 RESULTS
This diagnosis was confirmed for each child by age 3 years or older. 	 RESULTS
Among those whose gestational age was 20 to 25 weeks, population-based survival increased from 4% to 31% (P<.001), while CP prevalence per 1000 live births increased monotonically from 0 to 110 until the years 1992-1994 (P<.001) and decreased thereafter to 22 in the years 2001-2003 (P<.001). 	 RESULTS
Among those whose gestational age was 26 to 27 weeks, population-based survival increased from 23% to between 75% and 80% (P<.001), while CP prevalence per 1000 live births increased monotonically from 15 to 155 until the years 1992-1994 (P<.001) and then decreased to 16 in the years 2001-2003 (P<.001). 	 RESULTS
For all survivors born in the years 2001-2003, CP prevalence was 19 per 1000 live births. 	 RESULTS
Population-based CP prevalence rates for children whose gestational age was 20 to 27 weeks and whose birth weight ranged from 500 to 1249 g show steady reductions in the last decade with stable or reducing mortality, reversing trends prior to 1992-1994. 	 CONCLUSION
High plasma homocysteine levels are a risk factor for mortality and vascular disease in observational studies of patients with chronic kidney disease. 	 CONTEXT
Folic acid and B vitamins decrease homocysteine levels in this population but whether they lower mortality is unknown. 	 CONTEXT
To determine whether high doses of folic acid and B vitamins administered daily reduce mortality in patients with chronic kidney disease. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Double-blind randomized controlled trial (2001-2006) in 36 US Department of Veterans Affairs medical centers. 	 OBJECTIVE
Median follow-up was 3.2 years for 2056 participants aged 21 years or older with advanced chronic kidney disease (estimated creatinine clearance < or =30 mL/min) (n = 1305) or end-stage renal disease (n = 751) and high homocysteine levels (> or = 15 micromol/L). 	 OBJECTIVE
Participants received a daily capsule containing 40 mg of folic acid, 100 mg of pyridoxine hydrochloride (vitamin B6), and 2 mg of cyanocobalamin (vitamin B12) or a placebo. 	 INTERVENTION
The primary outcome was all-cause mortality. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Secondary outcomes included myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, amputation of all or part of a lower extremity, a composite of these 3 plus all-cause mortality, time to initiation of dialysis, and time to thrombosis of arteriovenous access in hemodialysis patients. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Mean baseline homocysteine level was 24.0 micromol/L in the vitamin group and 24.2 micromol/L in the placebo group. 	 RESULTS
It was lowered 6.3 micromol/L (25.8%; P < .001) in the vitamin group and 0.4 micromol/L (1.7%; P = .14) in the placebo group at 3 months, but there was no significant effect on mortality (448 vitamin group deaths vs 436 placebo group deaths) (hazard ratio [HR], 1.04; 95% CI, 0.91-1.18). 	 RESULTS
No significant effects were demonstrated for secondary outcomes or adverse events: there were 129 MIs in the vitamin group vs 150 for placebo (HR, 0.86; 95% CI, 0.67-1.08), 37 strokes in the vitamin group vs 41 for placebo (HR, 0.90; 95% CI, 0.58-1.40), and 60 amputations in the vitamin group vs 53 for placebo (HR, 1.14; 95% CI, 0.79-1.64). 	 RESULTS
In addition, the composite of MI, stroke, and amputations plus mortality (P = .85), time to dialysis (P = .38), and time to thrombosis in hemodialysis patients (P = .97) did not differ between the vitamin and placebo groups. 	 RESULTS
Treatment with high doses of folic acid and B vitamins did not improve survival or reduce the incidence of vascular disease in patients with advanced chronic kidney disease or end-stage renal disease. 	 CONCLUSION
clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00032435. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
This study compared, in treatment and control groups, the phenomena of coaction, which is the probability that taking effective action on one behavior is related to taking effective action on a second behavior. 	 OBJECTIVE
Pooled data from three randomized trials of Transtheoretical Model (TTM) tailored interventions (n=9461), completed in the U.S. in 1999, were analyzed to assess coaction in three behavior pairs (diet and sun protection, diet and smoking, and sun protection and smoking). 	 METHODS
Odds ratios (ORs) compared the likelihood of taking action on a second behavior compared to taking action on only one behavior. 	 METHODS
Across behavior pairs, at 12 and 24 months, the ORs for the treatment group were greater on an absolute basis than for the control group, with two being significant. 	 RESULTS
The combined ORs at 12 and 24 months, respectively, were 1.63 and 1.85 for treatment and 1.20 and 1.10 for control. 	 RESULTS
The results of this study with addictive, energy balance and appearance-related behaviors were consistent with results found in three studies applying TTM tailoring to energy balance behaviors. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Across studies, there was more coaction within the treatment group. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Future research should identify predictors of coaction in more multiple behavior change interventions. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Trabecular bone score (TBS) is a novel texture index that evaluates the pixel gray-level variations in lumbar spine dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry images and is related to bone microarchitecture independent of bone mineral density (BMD). 	 CONTEXT
We investigated lumbar spine TBS as an indicator for skeletal deterioration in diabetes. 	 OBJECTIVE
Cross-sectional data were collected from subjects participating in an ongoing prospective, community-based, cohort study from 2009 to 2010. 	 DESIGN AND SETTING
We included 1229 men and 1529 postmenopausal women older than 50 years in the Ansung cohort. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Biochemical parameters, lumbar spine TBS, and BMD from dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry images were measured. 	 OUTCOME MEASURES
Lumbar spine TBS was lower in men with diabetes than in nondiabetic men (1.287 ± 0.005 vs 1.316 ± 0.003, P < .001), whereas lumbar spine BMD was higher in men with diabetes (1.135 ± 0.010 vs 1.088 ± 0.006 g/cm(2)). 	 RESULTS
Lumbar spine TBS was lower in women with diabetes than in nondiabetic women only in an unadjusted model (1.333 ± 0.004 vs 1.353 ± 0.003). 	 RESULTS
However, women younger than 65 years (n = 707) with diabetes had a lower TBS than those without diabetes, even after adjusted for covariates (P < .001). 	 RESULTS
Diabetes was not associated with BMD at femur sites in both genders. 	 RESULTS
was negatively correlated with glycated hemoglobin, fasting plasma glucose, fasting insulin, and homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance but not with homeostasis model assessment for β-cell function in both genders. 	 TBS
The inverse association between lumbar spine TBS and insulin resistance may make it an indicator for determining skeletal deterioration in diabetic patients who have high BMD. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The Digitalis Investigation Group trial reported that treatment with digoxin did not decrease overall mortality among patients with heart failure and depressed left ventricular systolic function, although it did reduce hospitalizations slightly. 	 BACKGROUND
Even though the epidemiologic features, causes, and prognosis of heart failure vary between men and women, sex-based differences in the effect of digoxin were not evaluated. 	 BACKGROUND
We conducted a post hoc subgroup analysis to assess whether there were sex-based differences in the effect of digoxin therapy among the 6800 patients in the Digitalis Investigation Group study. 	 METHODS
The presence of an interaction between sex and digoxin therapy with respect to the primary end point of death from any cause was evaluated with the use of Mantel-Haenszel tests of heterogeneity and a multivariable Cox proportional-hazards model, adjusted for demographic and clinical variables. 	 METHODS
There was an absolute difference of 5.8 percent (95 percent confidence interval, 0.5 to 11.1) between men and women in the effect of digoxin on the rate of death from any cause (P=0.034 for the interaction). 	 RESULTS
Specifically, women who were randomly assigned to digoxin had a higher rate of death than women who were randomly assigned to placebo (33.1 percent vs. 28.9 percent; absolute difference, 4.2 percent, 95 percent confidence interval, -0.5 to 8.8). 	 RESULTS
In contrast, the rate of death was similar among men randomly assigned to digoxin and men randomly assigned to placebo (35.2 percent vs. 36.9 percent; absolute difference, -1.6 percent; 95 percent confidence interval, -4.2 to 1.0). 	 RESULTS
In the multivariable analysis, digoxin was associated with a significantly higher risk of death among women (adjusted hazard ratio for the comparison with placebo, 1.23; 95 percent confidence interval, 1.02 to 1.47), but it had no significant effect among men (adjusted hazard ratio, 0.93; 95 percent confidence interval, 0.85 to 1.02; P=0.014 for the interaction). 	 RESULTS
The effect of digoxin therapy differs between men and women. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Digoxin therapy is associated with an increased risk of death from any cause among women, but not men, with heart failure and depressed left ventricular systolic function. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Genes encoding the circadian transcriptional apparatus exhibit robust oscillatory expression in murine adipose tissues. 	 OBJECTIVE
This study tests the hypothesis that human subcutaneous adipose-derived stem cells (ASCs) provide an in vitro model in which to monitor the activity of the core circadian transcriptional apparatus. 	 OBJECTIVE
Primary cultures of undifferentiated or adipocyte-differentiated ASCs were treated with dexamethasone, rosiglitazone, or 30% fetal bovine serum. 	 RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES
The response of undifferentiated ASCs to dexamethasone was further evaluated in the presence of lithium chloride. 	 RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES
Lithium inhibits glycogen synthase kinase 3, a key component of the circadian apparatus. 	 RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES
Total RNA was harvested at 4-hour intervals over 48 hours and examined by real-time reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). 	 RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES
Adipocyte-differentiated cells responded more rapidly to treatments than their donor-matched undifferentiated controls; however, the period of the circadian gene oscillation was longer in the adipocyte-differentiated cells. 	 RESULTS
Dexamethasone generated circadian gene expression patterns with mean periods of 25.4 and 26.7 hours in undifferentiated and adipocyte-differentiated ASCs, respectively. 	 RESULTS
Both rosiglitazone and serum shock generated a significantly longer period in adipocyte-differentiated ASCs relative to undifferentiated ASCs. 	 RESULTS
The Bmal1 profile was phase-shifted by approximately 8 to 12 hours relative to Per1, Per3, and Cry2, consistent with their expression in vivo. 	 RESULTS
Lithium chloride inhibited adipogenesis and significantly lengthened the period of Per3 and Rev-erbalpha gene expression profiles by >5 hours in dexamethasone-activated undifferentiated ASCs. 	 RESULTS
These results support the initial hypothesis and validate ASCs as an in vitro model for the analysis of circadian biology in human adipose tissue. 	 DISCUSSION
Benzodiazepines are frequently used medications in the elderly, in whom they are associated with an increased risk of falling, with sometimes dire consequences. 	 BACKGROUND
To estimate the impact of benzodiazepine-associated injurious falls in a population of elderly persons. 	 OBJECTIVE
A nested case-control study was conducted using data collected during 10 years of follow-up of the French PAQUID (Personnes Agées QUID) community-based cohort. 	 METHOD
The main outcome measure was the occurrence of an injurious fall, which was defined as a fall resulting in hospitalization, fracture, head trauma or death. 	 METHOD
Controls (3 : 1) were frequency-matched to cases. 	 METHOD
Benzodiazepine exposure was the use of benzodiazepines over the previous 2 weeks reported at the follow-up visit preceding the fall. 	 METHOD
Benzodiazepine use was significantly associated with the occurrence of injurious falls, with a significant interaction with age. 	 RESULTS
The adjusted odds ratio for injurious falls in subjects exposed to benzodiazepines was 2.2 (95% CI 1.4, 3.4) in subjects aged > or = 80 years and 1.3 (95% CI 0.9, 1.9) in subjects aged <80 years. 	 RESULTS
The population attributable risk for injurious falls in subjects exposed to benzodiazepines was 28.1% (95% CI 16.7, 43.2) for subjects aged > or =80 years. 	 RESULTS
The incidence of injurious falls in subjects aged > or = 80 years exposed to benzodiazepines in the PAQUID cohort was 2.8/100 person-years. 	 RESULTS
Over 9% of these falls were fatal. 	 RESULTS
According to these results and to recent population estimates, benzodiazepine use could be held responsible for almost 20 000 injurious falls in subjects aged > or = 80 years every year in France, and for nearly 1800 deaths. 	 RESULTS
Given the considerable morbidity and mortality associated with benzodiazepine use and the fact that existing good practice guidelines on benzodiazepines have not been effective in preventing their misuse (possibly because they have not been applied), new methods for limiting use of benzodiazepines in the elderly need to be found. 	 CONCLUSION
Bioterrorist attacks involving letters and mail-handling systems in Washington, DC, resulted in Bacillus anthracis (anthrax) spore contamination in the Hart Senate Office Building and other facilities in the US Capitol's vicinity. 	 CONTEXT
To provide information about the nature and extent of indoor secondary aerosolization of B anthracis spores. 	 OBJECTIVE
Stationary and personal air samples, surface dust, and swab samples were collected under semiquiescent (minimal activities) and then simulated active office conditions to estimate secondary aerosolization of B anthracis spores. 	 DESIGN
Nominal size characteristics, airborne concentrations, and surface contamination of B anthracis particles (colony-forming units) were evaluated. 	 DESIGN
Viable B anthracis spores reaerosolized under semiquiescent conditions, with a marked increase in reaerosolization during simulated active office conditions. 	 RESULTS
Increases were observed for B anthracis collected on open sheep blood agar plates (P<.001) and personal air monitors (P =.01) during active office conditions. 	 RESULTS
More than 80% of the B anthracis particles collected on stationary monitors were within an alveolar respirable size range of 0.95 to 3.5 micro m.   CONCLUSIONS Bacillus anthracis spores used in a recent terrorist incident reaerosolized under common office activities. 	 RESULTS
These findings have important implications for appropriate respiratory protection, remediation, and reoccupancy of contaminated office environments. 	 RESULTS
The sphingosine-1-phosphate (S1P) receptor agonist fingolimod (FTY720), that has shown efficacy in advanced multiple sclerosis clinical trials, decreases reperfusion injury in heart, liver, and kidney. 	 OBJECTIVE
We therefore tested the therapeutic effects of fingolimod in several rodent models of focal cerebral ischemia. 	 OBJECTIVE
To assess the translational significance of these findings, we asked whether fingolimod improved long-term behavioral outcomes, whether delayed treatment was still effective, and whether neuroprotection can be obtained in a second species. 	 OBJECTIVE
We used rodent models of middle cerebral artery occlusion and cell-culture models of neurotoxicity and inflammation to examine the therapeutic potential and mechanisms of neuroprotection by fingolimod. 	 METHODS
In a transient mouse model, fingolimod reduced infarct size, neurological deficit, edema, and the number of dying cells in the core and periinfarct area. 	 RESULTS
Neuroprotection was accompanied by decreased inflammation, as fingolimod-treated mice had fewer activated neutrophils, microglia/macrophages, and intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1)-positive blood vessels. 	 RESULTS
Fingolimod-treated mice showed a smaller infarct and performed better in behavioral tests up to 15 days after ischemia. 	 RESULTS
Reduced infarct was observed in a permanent model even when mice were treated 4 hours after ischemic onset. 	 RESULTS
Fingolimod also decreased infarct size in a rat model of focal ischemia. 	 RESULTS
Fingolimod did not protect primary neurons against glutamate excitotoxicity or hydrogen peroxide, but decreased ICAM-1 expression in brain endothelial cells stimulated by tumor necrosis factor alpha. 	 RESULTS
These findings suggest that anti-inflammatory mechanisms, and possibly vasculoprotection, rather than direct effects on neurons, underlie the beneficial effects of fingolimod after stroke. 	 INTERPRETATION
S1P receptors are a highly promising target in stroke treatment. 	 INTERPRETATION
To determine if n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplementation (versus treatment with n-6 polyunsaturated or other fatty acid supplements) affects the metabolism of osteoarthritic (OA) cartilage. 	 OBJECTIVE
The metabolic profile of human OA cartilage was determined at the time of harvest and after 24-hour exposure to n-3 PUFAs or other classes of fatty acids, followed by explant culture for 4 days in the presence or absence of interleukin-1 (IL-1). 	 METHODS
Parameters measured were glycosaminoglycan release, aggrecanase and matrix metalloproteinase (MMP) activity, and the levels of expression of messenger RNA (mRNA) for mediators of inflammation, aggrecanases, MMPs, and their natural tissue inhibitors (tissue inhibitors of metalloproteinases [TIMPs]). 	 METHODS
Supplementation with n-3 PUFA (but not other fatty acids) reduced, in a dose-dependent manner, the endogenous and IL-1-induced release of proteoglycan metabolites from articular cartilage explants and specifically abolished endogenous aggrecanase and collagenase proteolytic activity. 	 RESULTS
Similarly, expression of mRNA for ADAMTS-4, MMP-13, and MMP-3 (but not TIMP-1, -2, or -3) was also specifically abolished with n-3 PUFA supplementation. 	 RESULTS
In addition, n-3 PUFA supplementation abolished the expression of mRNA for mediators of inflammation (cyclooxygenase 2, 5-lipoxygenase, 5-lipoxygenase-activating protein, tumor necrosis factor alpha, IL-1alpha, and IL-1beta) without affecting the expression of message for several other proteins involved in normal tissue homeostasis. 	 RESULTS
These studies show that the pathologic indicators manifested in human OA cartilage can be significantly altered by exposure of the cartilage to n-3 PUFA, but not to other classes of fatty acids. 	 CONCLUSION
Oligofructose (OFS) is a prebiotic that reduces energy intake and fat mass via changes in gut satiety hormones and microbiota. 	 OBJECTIVE
The effects of OFS may vary depending on predisposition to obesity. 	 OBJECTIVE
The aim of this study was to examine the effect of OFS in diet-induced obese (DIO) and diet-resistant (DR) rats. 	 OBJECTIVE
Adult, male DIO, and DR rats were randomized to: high-fat/high-sucrose (HFS) diet or HFS diet + 10% OFS for 6 weeks. 	 METHODS
Body composition, food intake, gut microbiota, plasma gut hormones, and cannabinoid CB(1) receptor expression in the nodose ganglia were measured. 	 METHODS
reduced body weight, energy intake, and fat mass in both phenotypes (P < 0.05). 	 RESULTS OFS
Select gut microbiota differed in DIO versus DR rats (P < 0.05), the differences being eliminated by OFS. 	 RESULTS OFS
. 	 OFS
was able to reduce body weight and adiposity in both prone and resistant obese phenotypes. 	 CONCLUSIONS OFS
OFS-induced changes in gut microbiota profiles in DIO and DR rats, along with changes in gut hormone levels, likely contribute to the sustained lower body weights. 	 CONCLUSIONS OFS
Tyrosine kinase (TK) inhibitors are emerging as a promising new approach to the treatment of HER overexpressing tumors, however optimal use of these agents awaits further definition of the downstream signaling pathways that mediate their effects. 	 PURPOSE
We reported previously that both EGFR- and Her2-overexpressing tumors are sensitive to the new EGFR-selective TK inhibitor gefitinib (ZD1839, "Iressa"), and sensitivity to this agent correlated with its ability to down-regulate Akt. 	 PURPOSE
However, EGFR-overexpressing MDA-468 cells, which lack PTEN function, are resistant to ZD1839, and ZD1839 is unable to down-regulate Akt activity in these cells. 	 PURPOSE
To study the role of PTEN function, we generated MDA468 cells with tet-inducible PTEN expression. 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
We show here that the resistance of MDA-468 cells to ZD1839 is attributable to EGFR-independent constitutive Akt activation caused by loss of PTEN function in these cells. 	 RESULTS
Reconstitution of PTEN function through tet-inducible expression restores ZD1839 sensitivity to these cells and reestablishes EGFR-stimulated Akt signaling. 	 RESULTS
Although restoration of PTEN function to tumors is difficult to implement clinically, much of the effects of PTEN loss are attributable to overactive PI3K/Akt pathway signaling, and this overactivity can be modulated by pharmacologic approaches. 	 RESULTS
We show here that pharmacologic down-regulation of constitutive PI3K/Akt pathway signaling using the PI3K inhibitor LY294002 similarly restores EGFR-stimulated Akt signaling and sensitizes MDA-468 cells to ZD1839. 	 RESULTS
Sensitivity to ZD1839 requires intact growth factor receptor-stimulated Akt signaling activity. 	 CONCLUSIONS
or pharmacologic down-regulation of constitutive PI3K/Akt pathway activity. 	 PTEN
These data have important predictive and therapeutic clinical implications. 	 PTEN
Type 1 diabetes results from T-cell-mediated destruction of β cells. 	 BACKGROUND
Findings from preclinical studies and pilot clinical trials suggest that antithymocyte globulin (ATG) might be effective for reducing this autoimmune response. 	 BACKGROUND
We assessed the safety and efficacy of rabbit ATG in preserving islet function in participants with recent-onset type 1 diabetes, and report here our 12-month results. 	 BACKGROUND
For this phase 2, randomised, placebo-controlled, clinical trial, we enrolled patients with recent-onset type 1 diabetes, aged 12-35 years, and with a peak C-peptide of 0.4 nM or greater on mixed meal tolerance test from 11 sites in the USA. 	 METHODS
We used a computer generated randomisation sequence to randomly assign patients (2:1, with permuted-blocks of size three or six and stratified by study site) to receive either 6.5 mg/kg ATG or placebo over a course of four days. 	 METHODS
All participants were masked and initially managed by an unmasked drug management team, which managed all aspects of the study until month 3. 	 METHODS
Thereafter, to maintain masking for diabetes management throughout the remainder of the study, participants received diabetes management from an independent, masked study physician and nurse educator. 	 METHODS
The primary endpoint was the baseline-adjusted change in 2-h area under the curve C-peptide response to mixed meal tolerance test from baseline to 12 months. 	 METHODS
Analyses were by intention to treat. 	 METHODS
This is a planned interim analysis of an on-going trial that will run for 24 months of follow-up. 	 METHODS
This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00515099. 	 METHODS
Between Sept 10, 2007, and June 1, 2011, we screened 154 individuals, randomly allocating 38 to ATG and 20 to placebo. 	 FINDINGS
We recorded no between-group difference in the primary endpoint: participants in the ATG group had a mean change in C-peptide area under the curve of -0.195 pmol/mL (95% CI -0.292 to -0.098) and those in the placebo group had a mean change of -0.239 pmol/mL (-0.361 to -0.118) in the placebo group (p=0.591). 	 FINDINGS
All except one participant in the ATG group had both cytokine release syndrome and serum sickness, which was associated with a transient rise in interleukin-6 and acute-phase proteins. 	 FINDINGS
Acute T cell depletion occurred in the ATG group, with slow reconstitution over 12 months. 	 FINDINGS
However, effector memory T cells were not depleted, and the ratio of regulatory to effector memory T cells declined in the first 6 months and stabilised thereafter. 	 FINDINGS
ATG-treated patients had 159 grade 3-4 adverse events, many associated with T-cell depletion, compared with 13 in the placebo group, but we detected no between-group difference in incidence of infectious diseases. 	 FINDINGS
Our findings suggest that a brief course of ATG does not result in preservation of β-cell function 12 months later in patients with new-onset type 1 diabetes. 	 INTERPRETATION
Generalised T-cell depletion in the absence of specific depletion of effector memory T cells and preservation of regulatory T cells seems to be an ineffective treatment for type 1 diabetes. 	 INTERPRETATION
Accumulating evidence has indicated that corin plays critical roles in regulating salt-water balance, blood pressure and cardiac function by activating natriuretic peptides. 	 BACKGROUND
The present case-control study was designed to evaluate the association of serum soluble corin with acute myocardial infarction (AMI). 	 BACKGROUND
We enrolled 856 consecutive AMI patients and 856 control subjects and explored the possible relation between serum corin levels and AMI risk using logistic regression model. 	 METHODS
Patients with AMI had higher BMI, were less physically active, and were more likely to have histories of hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia and smoking compared with the controls. 	 RESULTS
Serum levels of corin were remarkably reduced in AMI patients (825±263pg/ml) compared with those in healthy controls (1246±425pg/ml). 	 RESULTS
Odds ratios of ST elevation (STEMI) and non-ST elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) were significantly decreased with the increasing levels of serum corin in both men and women (P for trend, <0.001) after adjustment for body mass index, hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, smoking, and physical activity. 	 RESULTS
Our study demonstrates that serum levels of corin are significantly decreased in AMI patients, and it is inversely associated with the incidences of STEMI and NSTEMI in both men and women. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Cold-related respiratory symptoms are common among northern populations, especially among people suffering from respiratory diseases. 	 INTRODUCTION
However, the prevalence of such symptoms in the general population and the threshold temperatures at which the symptoms start to emerge are poorly known. 	 INTRODUCTION
The present study determined the prevalence and threshold temperatures of self-reported respiratory symptoms related to cold, separately for healthy people and those with respiratory disease. 	 OBJECTIVES
Six thousand five hundred ninety-one men and women aged 25 years-74 years from the national FINRISK study were queried about cold-related respiratory symptoms. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
The results were expressed as age-adjusted prevalence figures and coefficients from multivariate regressions. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
Cold-related respiratory symptoms were more often reported by people with asthma (men 69%/women 78%) and by subjects with chronic bronchitis (65%/76%) than the healthy subjects (18%/21%). 	 RESULTS
A binomial regression showed an increase of symptom prevalence by age and excesses of 4%, 50% and 21% units because of female sex, asthma and chronic bronchitis, respectively. 	 RESULTS
The reported threshold temperature for cold-related symptoms was -14 degrees C for males and -15 degrees C for females, and it showed some increase by age (0 degrees C-5 degrees C), asthma (2 degrees C) and chronic bronchitis (3 degrees C). 	 RESULTS
The threshold temperature for mucus production was exceptional as it decreased by age (2 degrees C-5 degrees C) and asthma (2 degrees C). 	 RESULTS
The effects of smoking and education were marginal. 	 RESULTS
Cold-related respiratory symptoms are common in patients with chronic respiratory diseases, but they start to emerge at relatively low temperatures. 	 CONCLUSION
In a cold climate, the cold-related symptoms may have an impact on the health-related quality of life. 	 CONCLUSION
Although beta-blockers improve symptoms and survival in adults with heart failure, little is known about these medications in children and adolescents. 	 CONTEXT
To prospectively evaluate the effects of carvedilol in children and adolescents with symptomatic systemic ventricular systolic dysfunction. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS A multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of 161 children and adolescents with symptomatic systolic heart failure from 26 US centers. 	 OBJECTIVE
In addition to treatment with conventional heart failure medications, patients were assigned to receive placebo or carvedilol. 	 OBJECTIVE
Enrollment began in June 2000 and the last dose was given in May 2005 (each patient received medication for 8 months). 	 OBJECTIVE
Patients were randomized in a 1:1:1 ratio to twice-daily dosing with placebo, low-dose carvedilol (0.2 mg/kg per dose if weight <62.5 kg or 12.5 mg per dose if weight > or =62.5 kg), or high-dose carvedilol (0.4 mg/kg per dose if weight <62.5 kg or 25 mg per dose if weight > or =62.5 kg) and were stratified according to whether each patient's systemic ventricle was a left ventricle or not. 	 INTERVENTIONS
The primary outcome was a composite measure of heart failure outcomes in patients receiving carvedilol (low- and high-dose combined) vs placebo. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Secondary efficacy variables included individual components of this composite, echocardiographic measures, and plasma b-type natriuretic peptide levels. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
There was no statistically significant difference between groups for the composite end point based on the percentage of patients who improved, worsened, or were unchanged. 	 RESULTS
Among 54 patients assigned to placebo, 30 improved (56%), 16 worsened (30%), and 8 were unchanged (15%); among 103 patients assigned to carvedilol, 58 improved (56%), 25 worsened (24%), and 20 were unchanged (19%). 	 RESULTS
The rates of worsening were lower than expected. 	 RESULTS
The odds ratio for worsened outcome for patients in the combined carvedilol group vs the placebo group was 0.79 (95% CI, 0.36-1.59; P = .47). 	 RESULTS
A prespecified subgroup analysis noted significant interaction between treatment and ventricular morphology (P = .02), indicating a possible differential effect of treatment between patients with a systemic left ventricle (beneficial trend) and those whose systemic ventricle was not a left ventricle (nonbeneficial trend). 	 RESULTS
These preliminary results suggest that carvedilol does not significantly improve clinical heart failure outcomes in children and adolescents with symptomatic systolic heart failure. 	 CONCLUSIONS
However, given the lower than expected event rates, the trial may have been underpowered. 	 CONCLUSIONS
There may be a differential effect of carvedilol in children and adolescents based on ventricular morphology. 	 CONCLUSIONS
clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00052026. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
Given the high value placed on children in sub-Saharan Africa, previous research suggests that infertility increases the risk of psychological distress and marital conflict, encourages risky sexual behavior and deprives infertile individuals and couples of an important source of economic and social capital. 	 BACKGROUND
This paper explores the implications of infertility for women in Ghana, West Africa. 	 BACKGROUND
Semi-structured interview data collected from 107 women (aged 21-48 years, mean 33 years) seeking treatment in gynecological and obstetric clinics in Accra, Ghana, are analyzed. 	 METHODS
Based on iterative open coding of the interviews, the focus of the analysis is on mental health, marital instability, social interaction and gendered experiences. 	 METHODS
Infertile women report facing severe social stigma, marital strain and a range of mental health difficulties. 	 RESULTS
Many women feel that they shoulder a disproportionate share of the blame for infertility and, by extension, face greater social consequences than male partners for difficulties conceiving. 	 RESULTS
Women who do not self-identify as infertile corroborate these findings, asserting that the social consequences of infertility are severe, particularly for women. 	 RESULTS
Infertility in Ghana has important consequences for social interactions, marital stability and mental health. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These consequences are not perceived to be shared equally by Ghanaian men. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The original objective was to determine whether the use of bilevel positive airway pressure (BiPAP) ventilation would reduce the need for endotracheal intubation, the length of hospital stay, and hospital charges in patients with status asthmaticus. 	 OBJECTIVES
The development of physician treatment bias made patient enrollment difficult. 	 OBJECTIVES
The article subsequently describes the use of Bayesian statistics to explain study results when this bias occurs. 	 OBJECTIVES
This study was a prospective, randomized controlled clinical trial conducted over a 34.5-month period at an urban university hospital with an emergency department census of 94,000 annual visits. 	 METHODS
Patients remaining in status asthmaticus after initial standard treatment with inhaled beta-agonists and steroids were randomized to receive BiPAP ventilation plus standard treatment versus standard treatment alone (non-BiPAP), with intubation for either group as needed. 	 METHODS
Patients with concurrent cardiac or other pulmonary diseases were excluded. 	 METHODS
The primary outcome measures were endotracheal intubation rate and length of hospital stay. 	 METHODS
Secondary outcome measures included vital signs (respiratory rate, pulse rate, blood pressure), changes in expiratory peak flow, changes in pulse oximetry values, and hospital charges. 	 METHODS
Data were analyzed using Fisher's exact test, Mann-Whitney tests, and Bayesian statistics. 	 METHODS
For patients enrolled in the study more than once, data analysis was performed on the first enrollment only. 	 METHODS
Nineteen patients were enrolled in the BiPAP group and 16 patients in the non-BiPAP group. 	 RESULTS
Patients were frequently enrolled more than once and the data from the subsequent enrollments were excluded from the analysis. 	 RESULTS
A marked decrease in enrollment, due to physician treatment bias, led to a premature termination of the study. 	 RESULTS
Demographics showed that the groups were similar in age, sex, initial peak flow rate, and arterial blood gas measurements. 	 RESULTS
There was a 7.3% increase (95% CI = -22 to +45) in the intubation rate in the non-BiPAP group (n = 2) compared with that for the BiPAP group (n = 1). 	 RESULTS
No significant difference was seen in length of hospital stay or hospital charges, although there was a favorable trend toward the BiPAP group. 	 RESULTS
Complications encountered in the BiPAP group included one patient with discomfort associated with the nasal BiPAP mask. 	 RESULTS
Bayesian analysis demonstrated that in order for the collected data to be convincing at the 95% confidence level, the prior conviction among treating physicians that BiPAP was a successful treatment modality would have had to be 98.9%. 	 RESULTS
In this study, BiPAP appeared to have no deleterious effects in patients with status asthmaticus, with a trend toward decreased endotracheal intubation rate, decreased length of hospital stay, and decreased hospital charges. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Although further study with more patients is needed to determine the clinical and statistical significance of this intervention, ethical concerns regarding withholding BiPAP treatment from the patients in the control group forced a premature termination of the study in the authors' institution. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To review the literature on mental health and psychiatric morbidity in prison populations and relate findings to a Danish study on remand prisoners. 	 OBJECTIVE
The literature is reviewed and subdivided in the following section: validity of psychometrics in prison populations, prevalence of psychiatric disorders prior to imprisonment, incidence of psychiatric disorders during imprisonment, psychopathy related to psychiatric comorbidity, dependence syndromes with special emphasis on different administrations of heroin use (smoke vs. injection). 	 METHOD
The results are compared with a longitudinal Danish study on remand prisoners in either solitary confinement (SC) or non-SC. 	 METHOD
Many factors must be taken into consideration when dealing with prisoners and mental health, e.g. international differences, the prison setting, demographics and methodological issues. 	 RESULTS
The prison populations in general are increasing worldwide. 	 RESULTS
Psychometrics may perform differently in prison populations compared with general populations with the General Health Questionnaire-28 having a low validity in remand prisoners. 	 RESULTS
Psychiatric morbidity including schizophrenia is higher and perhaps increasing in prison populations compared with general populations with dependence syndromes being the most frequent disorders. 	 RESULTS
The early phase of imprisonment is a vulnerable period with a moderately high incidence of adjustment disorders and twice the incidence in SC compared with non-SC. 	 RESULTS
Prevalence of psychopathy is lower in European than North American prisons. 	 RESULTS
Medium to high scores of psychopathy is related to higher psychiatric comorbidity. 	 RESULTS
Opioid dependence is the most frequent drug disorder with subjects using injection representing a more dysfunctional group than subjects using smoke administration. 	 RESULTS
Many mentally ill prisoners remain undetected and undertreated. 	 RESULTS
There is a growing population of mentally ill prisoners being insufficiently detected and treated. 	 CONCLUSION
Drug-eluting stent (DES) implantation is routine during coronary revascularization because DES significantly reduce rates of restenosis and target lesion revascularization compared with bare metal stent (BMS). 	 BACKGROUND
However, available DES have limitations, such as late thrombosis because of delayed healing with poorer endothelialization and persistent local inflammation. 	 BACKGROUND
Statins can inhibit cell proliferation, inflammation, and restore endothelial function. 	 BACKGROUND
The present study evaluated the ability of stent-based cerivastatin delivery to reduce stent-induced inflammatory responses and adverse effects on endothelial function, and to inhibit neointimal hyperplasia in a porcine coronary model. 	 BACKGROUND
Pigs were randomized into groups in which the coronary arteries (9 pigs, 18 coronaries in each group) had either a cerivastatin-eluting stent (CES) or a BMS. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
All animals survived without any adverse effects. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Inflammatory cell infiltration evaluated using scanning electron microscopy on day 3 after stenting was significantly decreased in the treated vessels (inflammation score: 1.15+/-0.12 vs 2.43+/-0.34, p<0.0001). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
At day 28, endothelial function with intracoronary infusion of bradykinin was preserved in both the CES and BMS groups. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Volumetric intravascular ultrasound images revealed decreased intimal volume in the CES group (28.3+/-5.4 vs 75.9+/-4.2 mm3, p<0.0001). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Histomorphometric analysis showed reduced neointimal area (1.74+/-0.45 vs 3.83+/-0.51 mm2, p<0.0001) in the CES group despite similar injury scores (1.77+/-0.30 vs 1.77+/-0.22, p=0.97). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
In porcine coronary arteries CES significantly decreased neointimal hyperplasia with a decreased early inflammatory response and without endothelial dysfunction. 	 CONCLUSION
Anticoagulant prophylaxis in patients with central venous catheters is controversial. 	 PURPOSE
We performed a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of anticoagulant prophylaxis in patients with central venous catheters. 	 PURPOSE
and EMBASE were searched up to May 2006, supplemented by manual searches of conference proceedings and bibliographies. 	 METHODS MEDLINE
Fifteen trials were included. 	 RESULTS
Unfractionated heparin infusion, oral fixed low-dose vitamin K antagonist, and subcutaneous low-molecular-weight heparin were evaluated. 	 RESULTS
For all catheter-associated deep vein thrombosis (symptomatic and asymptomatic combined), the summary relative risks ranged from 0.31 to 0.73 (all achieved statistical significance). 	 RESULTS
For symptomatic deep vein thrombosis, the summary relative risks ranged from 0.28 to 0.72, but did not achieve statistical significance for any individual regimen. 	 RESULTS
Anticoagulant prophylaxis is effective for preventing all catheter-associated deep vein thrombosis in patients with central venous catheters. 	 CONCLUSION
The effectiveness for preventing symptomatic venous thromboembolism, including pulmonary embolism, remains uncertain. 	 CONCLUSION
A double-blind RCT on the short-term efficacy of nicotine patches compared to placebo patches among Dutch adolescents was conducted. 	 BACKGROUND
The findings demonstrated that nicotine patches are efficacious for smoking cessation at end-of-treatment; however, only in highly compliant participants. 	 BACKGROUND
We tested whether the effects of NRT also held in 6- (T7) and 12-month (T8) follow-up assessments. 	 BACKGROUND
Adolescents aged 12-18 years, who smoked at least seven cigarettes a day and who were motivated to quit smoking were recruited at school yards and randomly assigned to either a nicotine patch (n=182) or a placebo patch (n=180) condition according to a computer generated list. 	 METHODS
Participants (N=257, age: 16.7 ± 1.13 years) attended an information meeting followed by a 6- or 9-week treatment. 	 METHODS
Smoking cessation, compliance, and potential covariates were measured by means of online questionnaires. 	 METHODS
Smoking cessation at T8 was biochemically validated by saliva cotinine. 	 METHODS
At T7, 8.1% and 5.7% of participants were abstinent in the nicotine and placebo patch groups, respectively. 	 RESULTS
At T8, abstinence was 4.4% and 6.6%, respectively. 	 RESULTS
Intention-to-treat analyses showed no significant effects of NRT on abstinence rates at T7 (OR=1.54, 95% CI=0.57, 4.16) and validated abstinence rates at T8 (OR=0.64, 95% CI=0.21, 1.93) neither after considering compliance nor after adjusting for covariates. 	 RESULTS
fails in helping adolescents quit smoking at 6- and 12-month follow-ups. 	 CONCLUSIONS NRT
This finding suggests that a more intensive approach is needed to assist youngsters in their quit attempts. 	 CONCLUSIONS NRT
& AIMS Hepatic stellate cell activation is a wound-healing response to liver injury. 	 BACKGROUND
However, continued activation of stellate cells during chronic liver damage causes excessive matrix deposition and the formation of pathological scar tissue leading to fibrosis and ultimately cirrhosis. 	 BACKGROUND
The importance of sustained stellate cell activation for this pathological process is well recognized, and several signalling pathways that can promote stellate cell activation have been identified, such as the TGFβ-, PDGF-, and LPS-dependent pathways. 	 BACKGROUND
However, the mechanisms that trigger and drive the early steps in activation are not well understood. 	 BACKGROUND
We identified the Hippo pathway and its effector YAP as a key pathway that controls stellate cell activation. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
is a transcriptional co-activator and we found that it drives the earliest changes in gene expression during stellate cell activation. 	 YAP
Activation of stellate cells in vivo by CCl4 administration to mice or activation in vitro caused rapid activation of YAP as revealed by its nuclear translocation and by the induction of YAP target genes. 	 YAP
was also activated in stellate cells of human fibrotic livers as evidenced by its nuclear localization. 	 YAP
Importantly, knockdown of YAP expression or pharmacological inhibition of YAP prevented hepatic stellate cell activation in vitro and pharmacological inhibition of YAP impeded fibrogenesis in mice. 	 YAP
activation is a critical driver of hepatic stellate cell activation and inhibition of YAP presents a novel approach for the treatment of liver fibrosis. 	 CONCLUSIONS YAP
Indomethacin is used as standard therapy to close a patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) but is associated with reduced blood flow to several organs. 	 BACKGROUND
Ibuprofen, another cyclo-oxygenase inhibitor, may be as effective as indomethacin with fewer adverse effects. 	 BACKGROUND
To determine the effectiveness and safety of ibuprofen compared with indomethacin, other cyclo-oxygenase inhibitor, placebo or no intervention for closing a patent ductus arteriosus in preterm, low birth weight, or preterm and low birth weight infants. 	 OBJECTIVES
We searched The Cochrane Library, MEDLINE, EMBASE, Clincialtrials.gov, Controlled-trials.com, and www.abstracts2view.com/pas in May 2014. 	 SEARCH METHODS
Randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials of ibuprofen for the treatment of a PDA in newborn infants. 	 SELECTION CRITERIA
Data collection and analysis conformed to the methods of the Cochrane Neonatal Review Group. 	 DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS
We included 33 studies enrolling 2190 infants. 	 MAIN RESULTS
Two studies compared intravenous (iv) ibuprofen versus placebo (270 infants). 	 MAIN RESULTS
In one study (134 infants) ibuprofen reduced the incidence of failure to close a PDA (risk ratio (RR) 0.71, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.51 to 0.99; risk difference (RD) -0.18, 95% CI -0.35 to -0.01; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 6, 95% CI 3 to 100). 	 MAIN RESULTS
In one study (136 infants), ibuprofen reduced the composite outcome of infant mortality, infants who dropped out, or infants who required rescue treatment (RR 0.58, 95% CI 0.38 to 0.89; RD -0.22, 95% CI -0.38 to -0.06; NNTB 5, 95% CI 3 to 17). 	 MAIN RESULTS
One study (64 infants) compared oral ibuprofen with placebo and noted a significant reduction in failure to close a PDA (RR 0.26, 95% CI 0.11 to 0.62; RD -0.44, 95% CI -0.65 to -0.23; NNTB 2, 95% CI 2 to 4).Twenty-one studies (1102 infants) reported failure rates for PDA closure with ibuprofen (oral or iv) compared with indomethacin (oral or iv). 	 MAIN RESULTS
There was no significant difference between the groups (typical RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.20; I(2) = 0%; typical RD 0.00, 95% CI -0.05 to 0.05; I(2) = 0%). 	 MAIN RESULTS
The risk of developing necrotising enterocolitis (NEC) was reduced for ibuprofen (16 studies, 948 infants; typical RR 0.64, 95% CI 0.45 to 0.93; typical RD -0.05, 95% CI -0.08 to -0.01; NNTB 20, 95% CI 13 to 100; I(2) = 0% for both RR and RD). 	 MAIN RESULTS
The duration of ventilatory support was reduced with ibuprofen (oral or iv) compared with iv or oral indomethacin (six studies, 471 infants; mean difference (MD) -2.4 days, 95% CI -3.7 to -1.0; I(2) = 19%).Eight studies (272 infants) reported on failure rates for PDA closure in a subgroup of the above studies comparing oral ibuprofen with indomethacin (oral or iv). 	 MAIN RESULTS
There was no significant difference between the groups (typical RR 0.96, 95% CI 0.73 to 1.27; typical RD -0.01, 95% CI -0.12 to 0.09). 	 MAIN RESULTS
The risk of NEC was reduced with oral ibuprofen compared with indomethacin (oral or iv) (seven studies, 249 infants; typical RR 0.41, 95% CI 0.23 to 0.73; typical RD -0.13, 95% CI -0.22 to -0.05; NNTB 8, 95% CI 5 to 20; I(2) = 0% for both RR and RD). 	 MAIN RESULTS
There was a decreased risk of failure to close a PDA with oral ibuprofen compared with iv ibuprofen (four studies, 304 infants; typical RR 0.41, 95% CI 0.27 to 0.64; typical RD -0.21, 95% CI -0.31 to -0.12; NNTB 5, 95% CI 3 to 8). 	 MAIN RESULTS
Transient renal insufficiency was less common in infants who received ibuprofen compared with indomethacin. 	 MAIN RESULTS
High dose versus standard dose of iv ibuprofen, early versus expectant administration of iv ibuprofen, echocardiographically guided iv ibuprofen treatment vs. standard iv ibuprofen treatment and continuous infusion of ibuprofen vs. intermittent boluses of ibuprofen and long-term follow-up were studied in too few trials to draw any conclusions. 	 MAIN RESULTS
AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS Ibuprofen is as effective as indomethacin in closing a PDA and currently appears to be the drug of choice. 	 MAIN RESULTS
Ibuprofen reduces the risk of NEC and transient renal insufficiency. 	 MAIN RESULTS
Oro-gastric administration of ibuprofen appears as effective as iv administration. 	 MAIN RESULTS
To make further recommendations, studies are needed to assess the effectiveness of high-dose versus standard-dose ibuprofen, early versus expectant administration of ibuprofen, echocardiographically guided versus standard iv ibuprofen, and continuous infusion versus intermittent boluses of ibuprofen. 	 MAIN RESULTS
Studies are lacking evaluating the effect of ibuprofen on longer-term outcomes in infants with PDA. 	 MAIN RESULTS
Patients with cystic fibrosis have altered levels of plasma fatty acids. 	 BACKGROUND
We previously demonstrated that arachidonic acid levels are increased and docosahexaenoic acid levels are decreased in affected tissues from cystic fibrosis-knockout mice. 	 BACKGROUND
In this study we determined whether humans with mutations in the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR) gene have a similar fatty acid defect in tissues expressing CFTR. 	 BACKGROUND
Fatty acids from nasal- and rectal-biopsy specimens, nasal epithelial scrapings, and plasma were analyzed from 38 subjects with cystic fibrosis and compared with results in 13 obligate heterozygotes, 24 healthy controls, 11 subjects with inflammatory bowel disease, 9 subjects with upper respiratory tract infection, and 16 subjects with asthma. 	 METHODS
The ratio of arachidonic to docosahexaenoic acid was increased in mucosal and submucosal nasal-biopsy specimens (P<0.001) and rectal-biopsy specimens (P=0.009) from subjects with cystic fibrosis and pancreatic sufficiency and subjects with cystic fibrosis and pancreatic insufficiency, as compared with values in healthy control subjects. 	 RESULTS
In nasal tissue, this change reflected an increase in arachidonic acid levels and a decrease in docosahexaenoic acid levels. 	 RESULTS
In cells from nasal mucosa, the ratio of arachidonic to docosahexaenoic acid was increased in subjects with cystic fibrosis (P<0.001), as compared with healthy controls, with values in obligate heterozygotes intermediate between these two groups (P<0.001). 	 RESULTS
The ratio was not increased in subjects with inflammatory bowel disease. 	 RESULTS
Subjects with asthma and those with upper respiratory tract infection had values intermediate between those in subjects with cystic fibrosis and those in healthy control subjects. 	 RESULTS
These data indicate that alterations in fatty acids similar to those in cystic fibrosis-knockout mice are present in CFTR-expressing tissue from subjects with cystic fibrosis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To obtain summary estimates of the accuracy of a single baseline measurement of the Elecsys Troponin T high-sensitive assay (Roche Diagnostics) for the diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction in patients presenting to the emergency department. 	 OBJECTIVE
Systematic review and meta-analysis of diagnostic test accuracy studies. 	 DESIGN
Medline, Embase, and other relevant electronic databases were searched for papers published between January 2006 and December 2013. 	 DATA SOURCES
Studies were included if they evaluated the diagnostic accuracy of a single baseline measurement of Elecsys Troponin T high-sensitive assay for the diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction in patients presenting to the emergency department with suspected acute coronary syndrome. 	 STUDY SELECTION
The first author screened all titles and abstracts identified through the searches and selected all potentially relevant papers. 	 STUDY APPRAISAL AND DATA SYNTHESIS
The screening of the full texts, the data extraction, and the methodological quality assessment, using the adapted QUADAS-2 tool, were conducted independently by two reviewers with disagreements being resolved through discussion or arbitration. 	 STUDY APPRAISAL AND DATA SYNTHESIS
If appropriate, meta-analysis was conducted using the hierarchical bivariate model. 	 STUDY APPRAISAL AND DATA SYNTHESIS
Twenty three studies reported the performance of the evaluated assay at presentation. 	 RESULTS
The results for 14 ng/L and 3-5 ng/L cut-off values were pooled separately. 	 RESULTS
At 14 ng/L (20 papers), the summary sensitivity was 89.5% (95% confidence interval 86.3% to 92.1%) and the summary specificity was 77.1% (68.7% to 83.7%). 	 RESULTS
At 3-5 ng/L (six papers), the summary sensitivity was 97.4% (94.9% to 98.7%) and the summary specificity was 42.4% (31.2% to 54.5%). 	 RESULTS
This means that if 21 of 100 consecutive patients have the target condition (21%, the median prevalence across the studies), 2 (95% confidence interval 2 to 3) of 21 patients with acute myocardial infarction will be missed (false negatives) if 14 ng/L is used as a cut-off value and 18 (13 to 25) of 79 patients without acute myocardial infarction will test positive (false positives). 	 RESULTS
If the 3-5 ng/L cut-off value is used, <1 (0 to 1) patient with acute myocardial infarction will be missed and 46 (36 to 54) patients without acute myocardial infarction will test positive. 	 RESULTS
The results indicate that a single baseline measurement of the Elecsys Troponin T high-sensitive assay could be used to rule out acute myocardial infarction if lower cut-off values such as 3 ng/L or 5 ng/L are used. 	 CONCLUSIONS
However, this method should be part of a comprehensive triage strategy and may not be appropriate for patients who present less than three hours after symptom onset. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Care must also be exercised because of the higher imprecision of the evaluated assay and the greater effect of lot-to-lot reagent variation at low troponin concentrations. 	 CONCLUSIONS
registration number CRD42013003926. 	 SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION PROSPERO
To evaluate the efficacy of aromatase inhibitors in ovulation induction, superovulation, and IVF. 	 OBJECTIVE
A literature search was conducted with the key words "aromatase inhibitor," "letrozole," "anastrazole," "ovulation induction," "ovulation," and "superovulation" in MEDLINE, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Database of systematic reviews. 	 DESIGN
RESULT(S) Ovulation induction with letrozole is associated with an ovulation rate of 70%-84% and a pregnancy rate of 20%-27% per cycle. 	 DESIGN
In one study, ovulation and pregnancy rates with letrozole seemed to be higher than those of anastrazole. 	 DESIGN
In superovulation, letrozole is associated with few developing follicles and thick endometrium. 	 DESIGN
The use of letrozole for superovulation is associated with a pregnancy rate higher than with the use of clomiphene citrate (CC) (16.7% vs. 5.6%). 	 DESIGN
The addition of letrozole to FSH treatment leads to a decreased FSH requirement. 	 DESIGN
The pregnancy rate for treatment with letrozole and FSH was similar to that for FSH alone. 	 DESIGN
CONCLUSION(S) Aromatase inhibitors are as effective as or superior to CC in ovulation induction and in superovulation. 	 DESIGN
Unlike CC, they do not carry an antiestrogenic effect on the endometrium. 	 DESIGN
Given the advantages of aromatase inhibitors, they can be used to replace CC as ovulation-inducing drugs. 	 DESIGN
Their role in IVF remains to be determined. 	 DESIGN
In uveal melanoma (UM) with metastatic disease limited to the liver, the effect of an intrahepatic treatment on survival is unknown. 	 BACKGROUND
We investigated prospectively the efficacy and toxicity of hepatic intra-arterial (HIA) versus systemic (IV) fotemustine in patients with liver metastases from UM. 	 BACKGROUND
Patients were randomly assigned to receive either IV or HIA fotemustine at 100 mg/m(2) on days 1, 8, 15 (and 22 in HIA arm only) as induction, and after a 5-week rest period every 3 weeks as maintenance. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Primary end point was overall survival (OS). 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Response rate (RR), progression-free survival (PFS) and safety were secondary end points. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Accrual was stopped after randomization of 171 patients based on the results of a futility OS analysis. 	 RESULTS
A total of 155 patients died and 16 were still alive [median follow-up 1.6 years (range 0.25-6 years)]. 	 RESULTS
did not improve OS (median 14.6 months) when compared with the IV arm (median 13.8 months), hazard ratio (HR) 1.09; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.79-1.50, log-rank P = 0.59. 	 HIA
However, there was a significant benefit on PFS for HIA compared with IV with a median of 4.5 versus 3.5 months, respectively (HR 0.62; 95% CI 0.45-0.84, log-rank P = 0.002). 	 HIA
The 1-year PFS rate was 24% in the HIA arm versus 8% in the IV arm. 	 HIA
An improved RR was seen in the HIA (10.5%) compared with IV treatment (2.4%). 	 HIA
In the IV arm, the most frequent grade ≥3 toxicity was thrombocytopenia (42.1%) and neutropenia (62.6%), compared with 21.2% and 28.7% in the HIA arm. 	 HIA
The main grade ≥3 toxicity related to HIA was catheter complications (12%) and liver toxicity (4.5%) apart from two toxic deaths. 	 HIA
treatment with fotemustine did not translate into an improved OS compared with IV treatment, despite better RR and PFS. 	 CONCLUSION HIA
Intrahepatic treatment should still be considered as experimental. 	 CONCLUSION HIA
2004-002245-12 and NCT00110123. 	 EUDRACT NUMBER AND CLINICALTRIALSGOV IDENTIFIER
Cerebellar glioblastoma multiforme (cGBM) is rare, and although there is a general belief that these tumors have a worse prognosis than supratentorial GBM (sGBM), few studies have been published to support this belief. 	 BACKGROUND
To investigate the effect of cerebellar location on survival through a case-control design comparing overall survival time of cGBM and sGBM patients. 	 OBJECTIVE
The Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER) registry was used to identify 132 patients with cGBM (1973-2008). 	 METHODS
Each cGBM patient was matched with an sGBM patient from among 20,848 sGBM patients on the basis of age, extent of resection, decade of diagnosis, and radiation therapy using propensity score matching. 	 METHODS
Within the cGBM, 37% were older than 65 years of age, 62% were men, and 87% were white. 	 RESULTS
Most patients underwent surgery and radiation (74%), whereas only 26% underwent surgical resection only. 	 RESULTS
The median survival time for the cGBM and sGBM matched cohort was 8 months; however, the survival distributions differed (log-rank P = .04). 	 RESULTS
Survival time for cGBM vs sGBM at 2 years was 21.5% vs 8.0%, and 12.7% vs 5.3% at 3 years. 	 RESULTS
Multivariate analysis of survival among cGBM patients showed that younger age (P < .0001) and having radiation therapy (P < .0001) were significantly associated with reduced hazard of mortality. 	 RESULTS
Among all patients, multivariate analysis showed that tumor location (P = .03), age (P < .0001), tumor size (P = .009), radiation (P < .0001), and resection (P < .0001) were associated with survival time in the unmatched cohort. 	 RESULTS
Median survival time for cGBM and sGBM patients was 8 months, but cGBM patients had a survival time advantage as the study progressed. 	 CONCLUSION
These findings suggest that cGBM patients should be treated as aggressively as sGBM patients with surgical resection and radiation therapy. 	 CONCLUSION
Weight loss is recommended for overweight or obese patients with type 2 diabetes on the basis of short-term studies, but long-term effects on cardiovascular disease remain unknown. 	 BACKGROUND
We examined whether an intensive lifestyle intervention for weight loss would decrease cardiovascular morbidity and mortality among such patients. 	 BACKGROUND
In 16 study centers in the United States, we randomly assigned 5145 overweight or obese patients with type 2 diabetes to participate in an intensive lifestyle intervention that promoted weight loss through decreased caloric intake and increased physical activity (intervention group) or to receive diabetes support and education (control group). 	 METHODS
The primary outcome was a composite of death from cardiovascular causes, nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke, or hospitalization for angina during a maximum follow-up of 13.5 years. 	 METHODS
The trial was stopped early on the basis of a futility analysis when the median follow-up was 9.6 years. 	 RESULTS
Weight loss was greater in the intervention group than in the control group throughout the study (8.6% vs. 0.7% at 1 year; 6.0% vs. 3.5% at study end). 	 RESULTS
The intensive lifestyle intervention also produced greater reductions in glycated hemoglobin and greater initial improvements in fitness and all cardiovascular risk factors, except for low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol levels. 	 RESULTS
The primary outcome occurred in 403 patients in the intervention group and in 418 in the control group (1.83 and 1.92 events per 100 person-years, respectively; hazard ratio in the intervention group, 0.95; 95% confidence interval, 0.83 to 1.09; P=0.51). 	 RESULTS
An intensive lifestyle intervention focusing on weight loss did not reduce the rate of cardiovascular events in overweight or obese adults with type 2 diabetes. 	 CONCLUSIONS
(Funded by the National Institutes of Health and others; Look AHEAD ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00017953.). 	 CONCLUSIONS
Cross-sectional epidemiological studies have found that patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) have a higher incidence of certain fragility fractures despite normal or elevated bone mineral density (BMD). 	 CONTEXT
In this study, high-resolution peripheral quantitative computed tomography was applied to characterize cortical and trabecular microarchitecture and biomechanics in the peripheral skeleton of female patients with T2DM. 	 OBJECTIVE
A cross-sectional study was conducted in patients with T2DM recruited from a diabetic outpatient clinic. 	 DESIGN AND SETTING
Elderly female patients (age, 62.9 ± 7.7 yr) with a history of T2DM (n = 19) and age- and height-matched controls (n = 19) were recruited. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Subjects were imaged using high-resolution peripheral quantitative computed tomography at the distal radius and tibia. 	 OUTCOME MEASURES
Quantitative measures of volumetric (BMD), cross-sectional geometry, trabecular and cortical microarchitecture were calculated. 	 OUTCOME MEASURES
Additionally, compressive mechanical properties were determined by micro-finite element analysis. 	 OUTCOME MEASURES
Compared to the controls, the T2DM cohort had 10% higher trabecular volumetric BMD (P < 0.05) adjacent to the cortex and higher trabecular thickness in the tibia (13.8%; P < 0.05). 	 RESULTS
Cortical porosity differences alone were consistent with impaired bone strength and were significant in the radius (>+50%; P < 0.05), whereas pore volume approached significance in the tibia (+118%; P = 0.1). 	 RESULTS
The results of this pilot investigation provide a potential explanation for the inability of standard BMD measures to explain the elevated fracture incidence in patients with T2DM. 	 CONCLUSION
The findings suggest that T2DM may be associated with impaired resistance to bending loads due to inefficient redistribution of bone mass, characterized by loss of intracortical bone offset by an elevation in trabecular bone density. 	 CONCLUSION
In 1989 the St. Vincent declaration set a five-year target for approximating outcomes of pregnancies in women with diabetes to those of the background population. 	 OBJECTIVE
We investigated and quantified the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes (T1DM) to evaluate if the goals of the 1989 St. Vincent Declaration have been obtained concerning foetal and neonatal complications. 	 OBJECTIVE
Twelve population-based studies published within the last 10 years with in total 14,099 women with T1DM and 4,035,373 women from the background population were identified. 	 METHODS
The prevalence of four foetal and neonatal complications was compared. 	 METHODS
In women with T1DM versus the background population, congenital malformations occurred in 5.0% (2.2-9.0) (weighted mean and range) versus 2.1% (1.5-2.9), relative risk (RR) = 2.4, perinatal mortality in 2.7% (2.0-6.6) versus 0.72% (0.48-0.9), RR = 3.7, preterm delivery in 25.2% (13.0-41.7) versus 6.0% (4.7-7.1), RR = 4.2 and delivery of large for gestational infants in 54.2% (45.1-62.5) versus 10.0%, RR = 4.5. 	 RESULTS
Early pregnancy HbA1c was positively associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. 	 RESULTS
The risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes was two to five times increased in women with T1DM compared with the general population. 	 CONCLUSION
The goals of the St. Vincent declaration have not been achieved. 	 CONCLUSION
To determine the toxicity and the therapeutic efficacy of the combination of the recombinant tumor necrosis factor alpha (rTNF alpha), recombinant interferon gamma (rIFN-gamma), and melphalan, we designed a protocol using isolation limb perfusion (ILP) with hyperthermia for in-transit metastases of melanoma and recurrent sarcoma. 	 PURPOSE
The triple combination was chosen because of the reported synergistic antitumor effect of rTNF alpha with IFN-gamma and of rTNF alpha with alkylating agents. 	 PURPOSE
Twenty-three patients received a total of 25 ILPs with the triple combination. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
There were 19 females and four males with either multiple progressive in-transit melanoma metastases of the extremities (stage IIIa or IIIab; 19 patients) or recurrent soft tissue sarcoma (five). 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
The rTNF alpha was injected as a bolus in the arterial line, and total dose ranged between 2 and 4 mg, under hyperthermic conditions (40 degrees C to 40.5 degrees C) for 90 minutes. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
The rIFN-gamma was given subcutaneously (SC) on days -2 and -1 and in the perfusate, with rTNF alpha at the dose of 0.2 mg. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Melphalan (Alkeran; Burroughs Wellcome Co, London, England) was administered in the perfusate at 40 micrograms/mL.   RESULTS Toxicity observed during three ILPs in a pilot study with rTNF alpha included only two severe toxicities: one severe hypotension with tachycardia and transient oliguria and one moderate hypotension for 4 hours followed by severe kidney failure with complete recovery on day 29. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
In all 18 ILPs performed in the triple combination protocol, the patients received continuous infusion dopamine at 3 micrograms/kg/min from the start of ILP and for 72 hours and showed only mild hypotension and transient chills and temperature. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Regional toxicity attributable to rTNF alpha was minimal. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
There have been 11 cases with hematologic toxicity consisting of neutropenia (one grade 4 and one grade 3) and neutropenia with thrombocytopenia (one grade 4 and three grade 2). 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Twelve patients had been previously treated with melphalan in ILP (11) or with cisplatin (one). 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
The 23 patients are assessable: there have been 21 complete responses (CRs; range, 4 to 29 months; 89%), two partial responses (PRs; range, 2 to 3 months), and no failures. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
Overall disease-free survival and survival have been 70% and 76%, respectively, at 12 months. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
In all cases, softening of the nodules was obvious within 3 days after ILP and time to definite response ranged between day 5 and 30. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
This preliminary analysis of a phase II study suggests that high-dose rTNF alpha can be administered with acceptable toxicity by ILP with dopamine and hyperhydration. 	 CONCLUSION
Tumor responses can be evidenced in melanoma and sarcoma. 	 CONCLUSION
Furthermore, combination of rTNF alpha, rIFN-gamma, and melphalan seems to achieve high efficacy with minimal toxicity, even after failure of prior therapy with melphalan alone. 	 CONCLUSION
Mortality rates in the year following new antipsychotic medication starts for neuropsychiatric symptoms of dementia were compared with rates after starts of other psychiatric medications. 	 OBJECTIVE
The retrospective, cohort study used national data from the Department of Veterans Affairs (fiscal years 2001-2005) on patients older than 65 years who began outpatient treatment with psychiatric medication following a dementia diagnosis (N=10,615). 	 METHOD
Twelve-month mortality rates were compared in patients taking antipsychotics and those taking other psychiatric medications. 	 METHOD
The authors controlled for confounding by using multivariate models and propensity-scoring methods. 	 METHOD
Secondary analyses included a no-medication group and examination of mortality causes. 	 METHOD
All groups taking antipsychotics had significantly higher mortality rates (22.6%-29.1%) than patients taking nonantipsychotic medications (14.6%). 	 RESULTS
Adjusted mortality risks for atypicals and for combined atypical and conventional antipsychotics were similar to those for conventional antipsychotics. 	 RESULTS
The mortality risk was significantly lower for nonantipsychotic medications than conventional antipsychotics. 	 RESULTS
Except for anticonvulsants, the adjusted risks for all individual classes of nonantipsychotics were significantly lower than the risk for antipsychotics. 	 RESULTS
Mortality risks did not change over 12 months. 	 RESULTS
The proportions of patients taking antipsychotics who died from cerebrovascular, cardiovascular, or infectious causes were not higher than rates for those taking nonantipsychotic psychiatric medications. 	 RESULTS
Antipsychotic medications taken by patients with dementia were associated with higher mortality rates than were most other medications used for neuropsychiatric symptoms. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The association between mortality and antipsychotics is not well understood and may be due to a direct medication effect or the pathophysiology underlying neuropsychiatric symptoms that prompt antipsychotic use. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The purpose of this project was to educate inpatients with psychotic disorders, many of whom were taking second-generation antipsychotics, about lifestyle changes they can make to combat weight gain. 	 OBJECTIVE
All inpatients on a Veterans Affairs acute inpatient schizophrenia treatment unit were invited to a 30-minute, didactic presentation given by a medical student and a psychology student under the supervision of the primary investigator. 	 METHOD
The topics covered included the health benefits of maintaining an ideal body weight by selecting foods according to the USDA Food Pyramid, determining adequate food portions, choosing healthy meals outside the home, and beginning and adhering to an exercise program. 	 METHOD
Subjects completed a 13-item quiz concerning their knowledge of food and nutrition before and after the presentation to determine its efficacy in teaching patients the material. 	 METHOD
Fifty patients completed both the pre- and post-presentation tests. 	 RESULTS
The mean percentage of correct answers on the pre-test was 85.6%, which rose to 89.3% on the post-test. 	 RESULTS
This difference of 3.7% was statistically significant (t = 2.43, df = 49, p < 0.02), and the mean percent of improvement was 6.1%. 	 RESULTS
This study demonstrates that psychotic individuals are able to benefit from educational presentations about nutrition and a healthy lifestyle. 	 CONCLUSIONS
A statistically significant improvement in test scores suggests that subjects gained an understanding of basic concepts related to food choices and fitness. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Gene expression profiling may be useful in examining differences underlying age- and sex-specific outcomes in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). 	 CONTEXT
To describe clinically relevant differences in the underlying biology of NSCLC based on patient age and sex. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PATIENTS Retrospective analysis of 787 patients with predominantly early stage NSCLC performed at Duke University, Durham, North Carolina, from July 2008 to June 2009. 	 OBJECTIVE
Lung tumor samples with corresponding microarray and clinical data were used. 	 OBJECTIVE
All patients were divided into subgroups based on age (< 70 vs > or = 70 years old) or sex. 	 OBJECTIVE
Gene expression signatures representing oncogenic pathway activation and tumor biology/microenvironment status were applied to these samples to obtain patterns of activation/deregulation. 	 OBJECTIVE
Patterns of oncogenic and molecular signaling pathway activation that are reproducible and correlate with 5-year recurrence-free patient survival. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Low- and high-risk patient clusters/cohorts were identified with the longest and shortest 5-year recurrence-free survival, respectively, within the age and sex NSCLC subgroups. 	 RESULTS
These cohorts of NSCLC demonstrate similar patterns of pathway activation. 	 RESULTS
In patients younger than 70 years, high-risk patients, with the shortest recurrence-free survival, demonstrated increased activation of the Src (25% vs 6%; P<.001) and tumor necrosis factor (76% vs 42%; P<.001) pathways compared with low-risk patients. 	 RESULTS
High-risk patients aged 70 years or older demonstrated increased activation of the wound healing (40% vs 24%; P = .02) and invasiveness (64% vs 20%; P<.001) pathways compared with low-risk patients. 	 RESULTS
In women, high-risk patients demonstrated increased activation of the invasiveness (99% vs 2%; P<.001) and STAT3 (72% vs 35%; P<.001) pathways while high-risk men demonstrated increased activation of the STAT3 (87% vs 18%; P<.001), tumor necrosis factor (90% vs 46%; P<.001), EGFR (13% vs 2%; P = .003), and wound healing (50% vs 22%; P<.001) pathways. 	 RESULTS
Multivariate analyses confirmed the independent clinical relevance of the pathway-based subphenotypes in women (hazard ratio [HR], 2.02; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.34-3.03; P<.001) and patients younger than 70 years (HR, 1.83; 95% CI, 1.24-2.71; P = .003). 	 RESULTS
All observations were reproducible in split sample analyses. 	 RESULTS
Among a cohort of patients with NSCLC, subgroups defined by oncogenic pathway activation profiles were associated with recurrence-free survival. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These findings require validation in independent patient data sets. 	 CONCLUSIONS
& AIMS The therapeutic application of regulatory T cells (Tregs) for the treatment of inflammatory diseases is limited by the scarcity of antigen-specific Tregs. 	 BACKGROUND
A preferred approach to endow effector T cells (Teff) with a desired specificity uses chimeric immune receptors with antibody-type specificity. 	 BACKGROUND
Accordingly, employing such chimeric immune receptors to redirect Tregs to sites of inflammation may be a useful therapeutic approach to alleviate a broad scope of diseases in which an uncontrolled inflammatory response plays a major role. 	 BACKGROUND
To enable application of the approach in clinical setting, which requires the genetic modification of the patient's own Tregs, we describe here a novel protocol that allows the efficient retroviral transduction and 2,4,6-trinitrophenol-specific expansion of murine naturally occurring regulatory T cells (nTregs), with a 2,4,6-trinitrophenol-specific tripartite chimeric receptor. 	 METHODS
Transduced Tregs maintained their Foxp3 level, could undergo repeated expansion upon ex vivo encounter with their cognate antigen in a major histocompatibility complex-independent, costimulation-independent, and contact-dependent manner and specifically suppressed Teff cells. 	 RESULTS
Adoptive transfer of small numbers of the transduced nTregs was associated with antigen-specific, dose-dependent amelioration of trinitrobenzenesulphonic acid colitis. 	 RESULTS
This study demonstrates that nTregs can be efficiently transduced to express functional, antigen-specific chimeric receptors that enable the specific suppression of effector T cells both in vitro and in vivo. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This approach may enable future cell-based therapeutic application in inflammatory bowel disease, as well as other inflammatory disorders. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The effects of hydroxyethyl starch on bleeding after cardiopulmonary bypass were determined. 	 OBJECTIVE
A meta-analysis was performed of postoperative blood loss in randomized clinical trials of hydroxyethyl starch versus albumin for fluid management in adult cardiopulmonary bypass surgery. 	 METHODS
Impacts of hydroxyethyl starch molecular weight and molar substitution were assessed. 	 METHODS
Randomized trials directly comparing different hydroxyethyl starch solutions were also included. 	 METHODS
Eighteen trials with 970 total patients were included. 	 RESULTS
Compared with albumin, hydroxyethyl starch increased postoperative blood loss by 33.3% of a pooled SD (95% confidence interval, 18.2%-48.3%; P < .001). 	 RESULTS
Risk of reoperation for bleeding was more than doubled by hydroxyethyl starch (relative risk, 2.24; 95% confidence interval, 1.14-4.40; P = .020). 	 RESULTS
Hydroxyethyl starch increased transfusion of red blood cells by 28.4% of a pooled SD (95% confidence interval, 12.2%-44.6%; P < .001), of fresh-frozen plasma by 30.6% (95% confidence interval, 8.0%-53.1%; P = .008), and of platelets by 29.8% (95% confidence interval, 3.4%-56.2%; P = .027). 	 RESULTS
None of these effects differed significantly between hydroxyethyl starch 450/0.7 and 200/0.5. 	 RESULTS
Insufficient data were available for hydroxyethyl starch 130/0.4 versus albumin; however, no significant differences were detected in head-to-head comparisons of hydroxyethyl starch 130/0.4 with 200/0.5. 	 RESULTS
Albumin improved hemodynamics. 	 RESULTS
There were no differences in fluid balance, ventilator time, intensive care unit stay, or mortality. 	 RESULTS
Hydroxyethyl starch increased blood loss, reoperation for bleeding, and blood product transfusion after cardiopulmonary bypass. 	 CONCLUSIONS
There was no evidence that these risks could be mitigated by lower molecular weight and substitution. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To describe the efficacy of the Finnish mass screening program for cervical squamous carcinoma and adenocarcinoma, as reflected by changes of incidence and mortality rate. 	 OBJECTIVE
Cervical cancer incidence and mortality data were obtained from the Finnish Cancer Registry. 	 METHODS
Data were available from the year 1953, when the registry was established. 	 METHODS
The nationwide mass screening program in Finland was started in the mid-1960s. 	 METHODS
A centralized organization administers this program. 	 METHODS
Women age 30-60 years are notified for screening every 5 years. 	 METHODS
The mean incidence of cervical carcinoma in the early 1960s was 15.4 per 10(5) woman-years. 	 RESULTS
In 1991, it was only 2.7 per 10(5) woman-years. 	 RESULTS
The mortality rate has decreased in the same proportion since the mass screening program. 	 RESULTS
In the early 1960s, the mortality was 6.6 and in 1991 1.4 per 10(5) woman-years. 	 RESULTS
However, the decrease of the incidence is seen almost exclusively in squamous cell carcinomas. 	 RESULTS
The mortality caused by adenocarcinoma has decreased in screened birth cohorts, but the incidence rate has remained the same. 	 RESULTS
The Finnish mass screening program has been effective and its continuation is of utmost importance. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In the future more attention should be given to glandular cell atypias in cervical smears. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Thus, it might be possible to decrease the incidence of cervical adenocarcinoma. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To explore the different characteristics of high and low fat consumers, in particular their macronutrient intake and body mass index. 	 OBJECTIVES
Reanalysis of data from the Dietary and Nutritional Survey of British Adults. 	 DESIGN
Comparisons were made between groups defined as high and low fat consumers on the basis of 7-day weighed food records considered to be valid for energy intake. 	 DESIGN
Individuals were classified in two ways according to the percentage energy from fat (FAT%) and the absolute amount of fat consumed (FATg). 	 DESIGN
The criteria for classification of the high FAT% being > 45% (high fat) and < or = 35% (low fat). 	 DESIGN
For the FATg group the threshold for the high fat group was > 138 g/day (men) and > 102 g/day (women), and for the low fat group < 85 g/day (men) and < 70 g/day (women). 	 DESIGN
Dietary data was collected from private households in Great Britain between 1986 and 1987. 	 SETTING
From the total population of 2197, individuals who were slimming, ill or had an EI: BMR of < 1.2 were excluded in order to use data which was most likely to represent habitual energy intakes. 	 SUBJECTS
From the remaining 1240 subjects, 10.8% of this sample (6.1% of the total population) were classified as low fat consumers (76 men and 58 women) and 15.4% high fat (8.7% of the total population, 93 men and 98 women). 	 SUBJECTS
Macronutrient consumption and body mass index (BMI). 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
30% of the subjects changed fat group classification when the criteria of defining high and low fat groups altered from FAT% to FATg. 	 RESULTS
Nutrient intakes differed according to definition of the groups. 	 RESULTS
The high fat FATg group ate significantly more of all nutrients than the low fat FATg group. 	 RESULTS
However, this was not seen for the FAT% analysis, with the high fat group eating more fat and less carbohydrate. 	 RESULTS
The average BMI tended to be higher in the high fat than the low fat groups, particularly in the FATg analysis. 	 RESULTS
However, the high fat group contained a wide range of BMIs. 	 RESULTS
Further exploration of BMI in the high fat groups, showed that age (an 11-year difference) was the only variable to distinguish individuals in the top and bottom quartiles of BMI. 	 RESULTS
High and low fat consumers differ according to a number of variables, and this is affected by how these groups are defined (FAT% or FATg). 	 CONCLUSIONS
High fat consumers tend to have a higher BMI than low fat consumers, but not all high fat consumers are overweight or obese. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Type 1 diabetes mellitus is a chronic autoimmune disease caused by the pathogenic action of T lymphocytes on insulin-producing beta cells. 	 BACKGROUND
Previous clinical studies have shown that continuous immune suppression temporarily slows the loss of insulin production. 	 BACKGROUND
Preclinical studies suggested that a monoclonal antibody against CD3 could reverse hyperglycemia at presentation and induce tolerance to recurrent disease. 	 BACKGROUND
We studied the effects of a nonactivating humanized monoclonal antibody against CD3--hOKT3gamma1(Ala-Ala)--on the loss of insulin production in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus. 	 METHODS
Within 6 weeks after diagnosis, 24 patients were randomly assigned to receive either a single 14-day course of treatment with the monoclonal antibody or no antibody and were studied during the first year of disease. 	 METHODS
Treatment with the monoclonal antibody maintained or improved insulin production after one year in 9 of the 12 patients in the treatment group, whereas only 2 of the 12 controls had a sustained response (P=0.01). 	 RESULTS
The treatment effect on insulin responses lasted for at least 12 months after diagnosis. 	 RESULTS
Glycosylated hemoglobin levels and insulin doses were also reduced in the monoclonal-antibody group. 	 RESULTS
No severe side effects occurred, and the most common side effects were fever, rash, and anemia. 	 RESULTS
Clinical responses were associated with a change in the ratio of CD4+ T cells to CD8+ T cells 30 and 90 days after treatment. 	 RESULTS
Treatment with hOKT3gamma1(Ala-Ala) mitigates the deterioration in insulin production and improves metabolic control during the first year of type 1 diabetes mellitus in the majority of patients. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The mechanism of action of the anti-CD3 monoclonal antibody may involve direct effects on pathogenic T cells, the induction of populations of regulatory cells, or both. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Nociceptive and neuropathic components both contribute to pain. 	 OBJECTIVE
Since these components require different pain management strategies, correct pain diagnosis before and during treatment is highly desirable. 	 OBJECTIVE
As low back pain (LBP) patients constitute an important subgroup of chronic pain patients, we addressed the following issues: (i) to establish a simple, validated screening tool to detect neuropathic pain (NeP) components in chronic LBP patients, (ii) to determine the prevalence of neuropathic pain components in LBP in a large-scale survey, and (iii) to determine whether LBP patients with an NeP component suffer from worse, or different, co-morbidities. 	 OBJECTIVE
In co-operation with the German Research Network on Neuropathic Pain we developed and validated the painDETECT questionnaire (PD-Q) in a prospective, multicentre study and subsequently applied it to approximately 8000 LBP patients. 	 METHODS
The PD-Q is a reliable screening tool with high sensitivity, specificity and positive predictive accuracy; these were 84% in a palm-top computerised version and 85%, 80% and 83%, respectively, in a corresponding pencil-and-paper questionnaire. 	 RESULTS
In an unselected cohort of chronic LBP patients, 37% were found to have predominantly neuropathic pain. 	 RESULTS
Patients with NeP showed higher ratings of pain intensity, with more (and more severe) co-morbidities such as depression, panic/anxiety and sleep disorders. 	 RESULTS
This also affected functionality and use of health-care resources. 	 RESULTS
On the basis of given prevalence of LBP in the general population, we calculated that 14.5% of all female and 11.4% of all male Germans suffer from LBP with a predominant neuropathic pain component. 	 RESULTS
Simple, patient-based, easy-to-use screening questionnaires can determine the prevalence of neuropathic pain components both in individual LBP patients and in heterogeneous cohorts of such patients. 	 CONCLUSION
Since NeP correlates with more intense pain, more severe co-morbidity and poorer quality of life, accurate diagnosis is a milestone in choosing appropriate therapy. 	 CONCLUSION
Knowledge gaps have contributed to considerable variation among international dietary recommendations for vitamin D.   OBJECTIVE We aimed to establish the distribution of dietary vitamin D required to maintain serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] concentrations above several proposed cutoffs (ie, 25, 37.5, 50, and 80 nmol/L) during wintertime after adjustment for the effect of summer sunshine exposure and diet. 	 BACKGROUND
A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind 22-wk intervention study was conducted in men and women aged 20-40 y (n = 238) by using different supplemental doses (0, 5, 10, and 15 microg/d) of vitamin D(3) throughout the winter. 	 DESIGN
Serum 25(OH)D concentrations were measured by using enzyme-linked immunoassay at baseline (October 2006) and endpoint (March 2007). 	 DESIGN
There were clear dose-related increments (P < 0.0001) in serum 25(OH)D with increasing supplemental vitamin D(3). 	 RESULTS
The slope of the relation between vitamin D intake and serum 25(OH)D was 1.96 nmol x L(-1) x microg(-1) intake. 	 RESULTS
The vitamin D intake that maintained serum 25(OH)D concentrations of >25 nmol/L in 97.5% of the sample was 8.7 microg/d. 	 RESULTS
This intake ranged from 7.2 microg/d in those who enjoyed sunshine exposure, 8.8 microg/d in those who sometimes had sun exposure, and 12.3 microg/d in those who avoided sunshine. 	 RESULTS
Vitamin D intakes required to maintain serum 25(OH)D concentrations of >37.5, >50, and >80 nmol/L in 97.5% of the sample were 19.9, 28.0, and 41.1 microg/d, respectively. 	 RESULTS
The range of vitamin D intakes required to ensure maintenance of wintertime vitamin D status [as defined by incremental cutoffs of serum 25(OH)D] in the vast majority (>97.5%) of 20-40-y-old adults, considering a variety of sun exposure preferences, is between 7.2 and 41.1 microg/d. 	 CONCLUSION
Soluble corin was decreased in coronary heart disease. 	 BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE
Given the connections between cardiac dysfunction and stroke, circulating corin might be a candidate marker of stroke risk. 	 BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE
However, the association between circulating corin and stroke has not yet been studied in humans. 	 BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE
Here, we aimed to examine the association in patients wtith stroke and community-based healthy controls. 	 BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE
Four hundred eighty-one patients with ischemic stroke, 116 patients with hemorrhagic stroke, and 2498 healthy controls were studied. 	 METHODS
Serum soluble corin and some conventional risk factors of stroke were examined. 	 METHODS
Because circulating corin was reported to be varied between men and women, the association between serum soluble corin and stroke was evaluated in men and women, respectively. 	 METHODS
Patients with ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke had a significantly lower level of serum soluble corin than healthy controls in men and women (all P values, <0.05). 	 RESULTS
In multivariate analysis, men in the lowest quartile of serum soluble corin were more likely to have ischemic (odds ratio [OR], 4.90; 95% confidence interval, 2.99-8.03) and hemorrhagic (OR, 17.57; 95% confidence interval, 4.85-63.71) stroke than men in the highest quartile. 	 RESULTS
Women in the lowest quartile of serum soluble corin were also more likely to have ischemic (OR, 3.10; 95% confidence interval, 1.76-5.44) and hemorrhagic (OR, 8.54; 95% confidence interval, 2.35-31.02) stroke than women in the highest quartile. 	 RESULTS
ORs of ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke were significantly increased with the decreasing levels of serum soluble corin in men and women (all P values for trend, <0.001). 	 RESULTS
Serum soluble corin was decreased in patients with stroke compared with healthy controls. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Our findings raise the possibility that serum soluble corin may have a pathogenic role in stroke. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Umbilical cord infection (omphalitis) is a risk factor for neonatal sepsis and mortality in low-resource settings where home deliveries are common. 	 BACKGROUND
We aimed to assess the effect of umbilical-cord cleansing with 4% chlorhexidine (CHX) solution, with or without handwashing with antiseptic soap, on the incidence of omphalitis and neonatal mortality. 	 BACKGROUND
We did a two-by-two factorial, cluster-randomised trial in Dadu, a rural area of Sindh province, Pakistan. 	 METHODS
Clusters were defined as the population covered by a functional traditional birth attendant (TBA), and were randomly allocated to one of four groups (groups A to D) with a computer-generated random number sequence. 	 METHODS
Implementation and data collection teams were masked to allocation. 	 METHODS
Liveborn infants delivered by participating TBAs who received birth kits were eligible for enrolment in the study. 	 METHODS
One intervention comprised birth kits containing 4% CHX solution for application to the cord at birth by TBAs and once daily by family members for up to 14 days along with soap and educational messages promoting handwashing. 	 METHODS
One intervention was CHX solution only and another was handwashing only. 	 METHODS
Standard dry cord care was promoted in the control group. 	 METHODS
The primary outcomes were incidence of neonatal omphalitis and neonatal mortality. 	 METHODS
The trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00682006. 	 METHODS
187 clusters were randomly allocated to one of the four study groups. 	 FINDINGS
Of 9741 newborn babies delivered by participating TBAs, factorial analysis indicated a reduction in risk of omphalitis with CHX application (risk ratio [RR]=0·58, 95% CI 0·41-0·82; p=0·002) but no evidence of an effect of handwashing (RR=0·83, 0·61-1·13; p=0·24). 	 FINDINGS
We recorded strong evidence of a reduction in neonatal mortality in neonates who received CHX cleansing (RR=0·62, 95 % CI 0·45-0·85; p=0·003) but no evidence of an effect of handwashing promotion on neonatal mortality (RR=1·08, 0·79-1·48; p=0·62). 	 FINDINGS
We recorded no serious adverse events. 	 FINDINGS
Application of 4% CHX to the umbilical cord was effective in reducing the risk of omphalitis and neonatal mortality in rural Pakistan. 	 INTERPRETATION
Provision of CHX in birth kits might be a useful strategy for the prevention of neonatal mortality in high-mortality settings. 	 INTERPRETATION
FUNDING 	 INTERPRETATION
The United States Agency for International Development. 	 INTERPRETATION
We assessed the nephroprotective effects of montelukast sodium and N-acetylcysteine on secondary renal damage due to unilateral ureteral obstruction in a rat model. 	 PURPOSE
In this study 30 Wistar albino male rats were randomized into 3 groups, including placebo, N-acetylcysteine and montelukast sodium. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
Three rats served as the control group. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
The left ureter of the rats was sutured with 4-zero polyglactin sutures. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
Medications were given 3 days before obstruction and continued for 15 days. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
Dimercaptosuccinic acid renal scintigraphy was performed before obstruction and on day 15. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
Rats were sacrificed on day 15 and histopathological examinations were done. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
We biochemically assessed oxidative stress markers (myeloperoxidase and malondialdehyde), sulfhydryl and total nitrite for lipid peroxidation, oxidative protein damage and antioxidant levels, respectively. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
On pathological examination inflammation and tubular epithelial damage in the N-acetylcysteine and montelukast sodium groups were less than in the placebo group (p <0.05). 	 RESULTS
No difference was seen in normal kidneys. 	 RESULTS
Myeloperoxidase, malondialdehyde and total nitrite levels in the N-acetylcysteine group, and myeloperoxidase and malondialdehyde levels in the montelukast sodium group were lower than in the placebo group (p <0.05). 	 RESULTS
No statistical difference was seen in sulfhydryl levels (p >0.05) or among the N-acetylcysteine, montelukast sodium and placebo groups on scintigraphy (p >0.05). 	 RESULTS
No pathological, chemical and scintigraphic differences were seen among the N-acetylcysteine, montelukast sodium and sham treated groups (p >0.05). 	 RESULTS
N-acetylcysteine and montelukast sodium have a protective effect against obstructive damage of the kidney. 	 CONCLUSIONS
However, further investigations are needed. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Folate and vitamin B12 are two vital regulators in the metabolic process of homocysteine, which is a risk factor of atherothrombotic events. 	 OBJECTIVE
Low folate intake or low plasma folate concentration is associated with increased stroke risk. 	 OBJECTIVE
Previous randomized controlled trials presented discordant findings in the effect of folic acid supplementation-based homocysteine lowering on stroke risk. 	 OBJECTIVE
The aim of the present review was to perform a meta-analysis of relevant randomized controlled trials to check the how different folate fortification status might affect the effects of folic acid supplementation in lowering homocysteine and reducing stroke risk. 	 OBJECTIVE
Relevant randomized controlled trials were identified through formal literature search. 	 DESIGN
Homocysteine reduction was compared in subgroups stratified by folate fortification status. 	 DESIGN
Relative risks with 95 % confidence intervals were used as a measure to assess the association between folic acid supplementation and stroke risk. 	 DESIGN
The meta-analysis included fourteen randomized controlled trials,   SUBJECTS A total of 39 420 patients. 	 SETTING
Homocysteine reductions were 26·99 (sd 1·91) %, 18·38 (sd 3·82) % and 21·30 (sd 1·98) %, respectively, in the subgroups without folate fortification, with folate fortification and with partial folate fortification. 	 RESULTS
Significant difference was observed between the subgroups with folate fortification and without folate fortification (P=0·05). 	 RESULTS
The relative risk of stroke was 0·88 (95 % CI 0·77, 1·00, P=0·05) in the subgroup without folate fortification, 0·94 (95 % CI 0·58, 1·54, P=0·82) in the subgroup with folate fortification and 0·91 (95 % CI 0·82, 1·01, P=0·09) in the subgroup with partial folate fortification. 	 RESULTS
Folic acid supplementation might have a modest benefit on stroke prevention in regions without folate fortification. 	 CONCLUSIONS
During pregnancy, serum levels of estrogen, progesterone, and other hormones are markedly higher than during other periods of life. 	 CONTEXT
Pregnancy hormones primarily are produced in the placenta, and signs of placental impairment may serve as indirect markers of hormone exposures during pregnancy. 	 CONTEXT
During pregnancy, these markers have been inconsistently associated with subsequent risk of breast cancer in the mother. 	 CONTEXT
To examine associations between indirect markers of hormonal exposures, such as placental weight and other pregnancy characteristics, and maternal risk of developing breast cancer. 	 OBJECTIVE
Population-based cohort study using data from the Swedish Birth Register, the Swedish Cancer Register, the Swedish Cause of Death Register, and the Swedish Register of Population and Population Changes. 	 DESIGN AND SETTING
Women included in the Sweden Birth Register who delivered singletons between 1982 and 1989, with complete information on date of birth and gestational age. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Women were followed up until the occurrence of breast cancer, death, or end of follow-up (December 31, 2001). 	 PARTICIPANTS
Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate associations between hormone exposures and risks of breast cancer. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Incidence of invasive breast cancer. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
Of 314,019 women in the cohort, 2216 (0.7%) developed breast cancer during the follow-up through 2001, of whom 2100 (95%) were diagnosed before age 50 years. 	 RESULTS
Compared with women who had placentas weighing less than 500 g in 2 consecutive pregnancies, the risk of breast cancer was increased among women whose placentas weighed between 500 and 699 g in their first pregnancy and at least 700 g in their second pregnancy (or vice versa) (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.82; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.07-3.08), and the corresponding risk was doubled among women whose placentas weighed at least 700 g in both pregnancies (adjusted hazard ratio, 2.05; 95% CI, 1.15-3.64). 	 RESULTS
A high birth weight (> or =4000 g) in 2 successive births was associated with an increased risk of breast cancer before but not after adjusting for placental weight and other covariates (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.10; 95% CI, 0.76-1.59). 	 RESULTS
Placental weight is positively associated with maternal risk of breast cancer. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These results further support the hypothesis that pregnancy hormones are important modifiers of subsequent maternal breast cancer risk. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To investigate heritability and continuum versus categorical approaches to attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), using a large-scale twin sample. 	 OBJECTIVE
A cohort of 1,938 families with twins and siblings aged 4 to 12 years, recruited from the Australian National Health and Medical Research Council Twin Registry, was assessed for ADHD using a DSM-III-R-based maternal rating scale. 	 METHOD
Probandwise concordance rates and correlations in monozygotic and dizygotic twins and siblings were calculated, and heritability was examined using the De Fries and Fulker regression technique. 	 METHOD
There was a narrow (additive) heritability of 0.75 to 0.91 which was robust across familial relationships (twin, sibling, and twin-sibling) and across definitions of ADHD as part of a continuum or as a disorder with various symptom cutoffs. 	 RESULTS
There was no evidence for nonadditive genetic variation or for shared family environmental effects. 	 RESULTS
These findings suggest that ADHD is best viewed as the extreme of a behavior that varies genetically throughout the entire population rather than as a disorder with discrete determinants. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This has implications for the classification of ADHD and for the identification of genes for this behavior, as well as implications for diagnosis and treatment. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The infrapatellar fat pad (IPFP) has been identified as a source of anterior knee pain. 	 OBJECTIVE
Fibrosis and marked inflammatory infiltrate in the IPFP of patients with arthritis of the knee and reduction in pain post knee replacement in patients following resection of the IPFP have been observed. 	 OBJECTIVE
We have investigated changes in the IPFP of rats undergoing the monoiodoacetate (MIA) model of degenerative joint disease, a model that exhibits some histopathological similarities to osteoarthritis (OA). 	 OBJECTIVE
Rats were injected intra-articularly with MIA and the development of weight bearing asymmetry was followed for 21 days as compared to vehicle-injected animals. 	 METHODS
In addition, IPFPs were removed from both ipsilateral and contralateral joints. 	 METHODS
Both inflammatory infiltrate and histopathological changes were analysed. 	 METHODS
injection caused marked weight bearing asymmetry. 	 RESULTS MIA
Ipsilateral IPFP wet weights were significantly increased on days 1 and 3 in MIA-treated animals. 	 RESULTS MIA
treatment also resulted in significant increases in IPFP total white blood cells and monocytes on days 1, 3, and 7 and neutrophils on days 1 and 3. 	 MIA
This was supported by histopathological findings at early time points which progressed to adipocyte necrosis, IPFP fibrosis, patellar cartilage and subchondral bone necrosis with synovial hyperplasia at later timepoints. 	 MIA
The current study clearly demonstrated that marked inflammatory changes in the IPFP occur during the early stage of the MIA model of OA which may contribute to the pain observed at this early stage. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The role of the IPFP in later stages of the model needs to be further explored. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Obesity and being overweight during adulthood have been consistently linked to increased risk for development of dementia later in life, especially Alzheimer's disease. 	 OBJECTIVE
They have also been associated with cognitive dysfunction and brain structural alterations in otherwise healthy adults. 	 OBJECTIVE
Although proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy may distinguish between neuronal and glial components of the brain and may point to neurobiological mechanisms underlying brain atrophy and cognitive changes, no spectroscopic studies have yet assessed the relationships between adiposity and brain metabolites. 	 OBJECTIVE
We have utilized magnetic resonance imaging and proton magnetic resonance spectroscopic imaging data from 50 healthy middle-aged participants (mean age, 41.7 +/- 	 METHODS
8.5 years; 17 women), who were scanned as control subjects for another study. 	 METHODS
After adjustment for age and sex, greater body mass indices (BMIs) correlated with: (1) lower concentrations of N-acetylaspartate (spectroscopic marker of neuronal viability) in frontal (p = 0.001), parietal (p = 0.006), and temporal (p = 0.008) white matter; (2) lower N-acetylaspartate in frontal gray matter (p = 0.01); and (3) lower concentrations of choline-containing metabolites (associated with membrane metabolism) in frontal white matter (p = 0.05). 	 RESULTS
These results suggest that increased BMI at midlife is associated with neuronal and/or myelin abnormalities, primarily in the frontal lobe. 	 INTERPRETATION
Because white matter in the frontal lobes is more prone to the effects of aging than in other lobes, our results may reflect accelerated aging in individuals with high levels of adiposity. 	 INTERPRETATION
Thus, greater BMI may increase the odds of developing an age-related disease, such as Alzheimer's disease. 	 INTERPRETATION
Phenylpropanolamine is commonly found in appetite suppressants and cough or cold remedies. 	 BACKGROUND
Case reports have linked the use of products containing phenylpropanolamine to hemorrhagic stroke, often after the first use of these products. 	 BACKGROUND
To study the association, we designed a case-control study. 	 BACKGROUND
Men and women 18 to 49 years of age were recruited from 43 U.S. hospitals. 	 METHODS
Eligibility criteria included the occurrence of a subarachnoid or intracerebral hemorrhage within 30 days before enrollment and the absence of a previously diagnosed brain lesion. 	 METHODS
Random-digit dialing identified two matched control subjects per patient. 	 METHODS
There were 702 patients and 1376 control subjects. 	 RESULTS
For women, the adjusted odds ratio was 16.58 (95 percent confidence interval, 1.51 to 182.21; P=0.02) for the association between the use of appetite suppressants containing phenylpropanolamine and the risk of a hemorrhagic stroke and 3.13 (95 percent confidence interval, 0.86 to 11.46; P=0.08) for the association with the first use of a product containing phenylpropanolamine. 	 RESULTS
All first uses of phenylpropanolamine involved cough or cold remedies. 	 RESULTS
For men and women combined, the adjusted odds ratio was 1.49 (95 percent confidence interval, 0.84 to 2.64; P=0.17) for the association between the use of a product containing phenylpropanolamine and the risk of a hemorrhagic stroke, 1.23 (95 percent confidence interval, 0.68 to 2.24; P=0.49) for the association with the use of cough or cold remedies that contained phenylpropanolamine, and 15.92 (95 percent confidence interval, 1.38 to 184.13; P=0.03) for the association with the use of appetite suppressants that contained phenylpropanolamine. 	 RESULTS
An analysis in men showed no increased risk of a hemorrhagic stroke in association with the use of cough or cold remedies containing phenylpropanolamine. 	 RESULTS
No men reported the use of appetite suppressants. 	 RESULTS
The results suggest that phenylpropanolamine in appetite suppressants, and possibly in cough and cold remedies, is an independent risk factor for hemorrhagic stroke in women. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Confocal laser endomicroscopy (CLE) is rapidly emerging as a valuable tool for gastrointestinal endoscopic imaging. 	 BACKGROUND
Fluorescent contrast agents are used to optimize imaging with CLE, and intravenous fluorescein is the most widely used contrast agent. 	 BACKGROUND
Fluorescein is FDA-cleared for diagnostic angiography of the retina. 	 BACKGROUND
For these indications, the safety profile of fluorescein has been well-documented; however, to date, fluorescein is not cleared for use with CLE. 	 BACKGROUND
To estimate the rate of serious and total adverse events attributable to intravenous fluorescein when used for gastrointestinal CLE. 	 AIMS
We performed a cross sectional survey of 16 International Academic Medical Centres with active research protocols in CLE that involved intravenous fluorescein. 	 METHODS
Centres using i.v. 	 METHODS
fluorescein for CLE who were actively monitored for adverse events were included. 	 METHODS
Sixteen centres performed 2272 gastrointestinal CLE procedures. 	 RESULTS
The most common dose of contrast agent was 2.5-5 mL of 10% sodium fluorescein. 	 RESULTS
No serious adverse events were reported. 	 RESULTS
Mild adverse events occurred in 1.4% of individuals, including nausea/vomiting, transient hypotension without shock, injection site erythema, diffuse rash and mild epigastric pain. 	 RESULTS
The limitation is that only immediate post procedure events were actively monitored. 	 RESULTS
Use of intravenous fluorescein for gastrointestinal CLE appears to be safe with few acute complications. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The study of soluble corin in the circulation before hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) has been limited. 	 OBJECTIVE
Here we aimed to study serum soluble corin in mid pregnancy in patients with HDP and their age- and gestational weeks-matched controls. 	 OBJECTIVE
Sixty-eight pairs of cases of HDP and controls were studied. 	 METHODS
Blood samples were obtained in mid pregnancy between 16 and 20 gestational weeks. 	 METHODS
Serum soluble corin was examined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay methods. 	 METHODS
The relationship between serum soluble corin and HDP was examined using conditional logistic regression models. 	 METHODS
Serum soluble corin in mid pregnancy was increased in cases with HDP compared with controls (median [interquartile range]: 1968 [1644-2332] pg/mL vs. 1700 [1446-2056] pg/mL, p=0.002). 	 RESULTS
Participants were categorized into quartiles of serum soluble corin distributed in controls. 	 RESULTS
Compared with the lowest quartile, participants in the highest quartile had a significantly increased risk for HDP (odds ratio [OR], 4.21; 95% confidence interval [95% CI], 1.31-13.53) after multivariate adjustment. 	 RESULTS
Nevertheless, we did not find a significantly increased risk for participants in the second (OR, 1.75; 95% CI, 0.44-7.02) and third (OR, 2.80; 95% CI, 0.70-11.18) quartiles. 	 RESULTS
Then the first three quartiles were merged as a reference group to calculate the OR of HDP for participants in the highest quartile and we found a significantly increased risk for HDP in individuals in the highest quartile (OR, 2.28, 95% CI, 1.02-5.06). 	 RESULTS
Increased serum soluble corin in mid pregnancy was associated with an increased risk for HDP. 	 CONCLUSION
Our findings suggest that increased serum soluble corin in mid pregnancy could be an indicator for HDP. 	 CONCLUSION
The goal of this study was to evaluate prospectively the engraftment rate, factors influencing engraftment, and predictability of clinical outcome of low-passage xenografts from patients with resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDA) and to establish a bank of PDA xenografts. 	 PURPOSE
Patients with resectable PDA scheduled for resection at the Johns Hopkins Hospital were eligible. 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Representative pieces of tumor were implanted in nude mice. 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
The status of the SMAD4 gene and content of tumor-generating cells were determined by immunohistochemistry. 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Gene expression was carried out by using a U133 Plus 2.0 array. 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Patients were followed for progression and survival. 	 EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
A total of 94 patients with PDA were resected, 69 tumors implanted in nude mice, and 42 (61%) engrafted. 	 RESULTS
Engrafted carcinomas were more often SMAD4 mutant, and had a metastatic gene expression signature and worse prognosis. 	 RESULTS
Tumors from patients resistant to gemcitabine were enriched in stroma-related gene pathways. 	 RESULTS
Tumors sensitive to gemcitabine were enriched in cell cycle and pyrimidine gene pathways. 	 RESULTS
The time to progression for patients who received treatment with gemcitabine for metastatic disease (n = 7) was double in patients with xenografts sensitive to gemcitabine. 	 RESULTS
A successful xenograft was generated in 61% of patients attempted, generating a pool of 42 PDA xenografts with significant biological information and annotated clinical data. 	 CONCLUSION
Patients with PDA and SMAD4 inactivation have a better engraftment rate. 	 CONCLUSION
Engraftment is a poor prognosis factor, and engrafted tumors have a metastatic gene expression signature. 	 CONCLUSION
Tumors from gemcitabine-resistant patients were enriched in stromal pathways. 	 CONCLUSION
A20 is a TNF-inducible primary response gene, which has been found to have antiapoptotic function in several cancer cells. 	 OBJECTIVE
This study investigates A20 expression in human glioma tissues and four glioma cell lines, and its effect on tumorigenesis of glioma cells and a mouse tumor model. 	 OBJECTIVE
Human glioma tissue samples and cells were subject to reverse transcription-PCR (RT-PCR), western blotting and immunohistochemistry. 	 METHODS
Glioma cells was tested by flow cytometry. 	 METHODS
A xenograft tumor model in mice was utilized to examine the knock-down effect of specific A20 siRNAs on tumorigenesis. 	 METHODS
A20 was overexpressed in clinical glioma tissue samples (63.9%) and correlated with clinical staging. 	 RESULTS
All four human glioma cell lines expressed A20, among which U87 displayed the strongest expression signals. 	 RESULTS
Inhibiting A20 expression by siRNAs in vitro reduced the growth rates of glioma cells and resulted in G1/S arrest and increased apoptosis. 	 RESULTS
In a mouse tumor model, local administration of siRNA significantly suppressed solid tumor growth. 	 RESULTS
A20 was overexpressed both in human glioma tissues and cell lines, and inhibiting A20 expression greatly slowed tumor cell growth in culture and in mice. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These findings indicated that A20 is involved in tumorigenesis of human glioma, and may serve as a future therapeutic target. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Transcranial contrast Doppler studies have shown an increased prevalence of right-to-left shunts in patients with migraine with aura compared with controls. 	 BACKGROUND
The anatomy and size of these right-to-left shunts have never been directly assessed. 	 BACKGROUND
In a cross-sectional case-control study, the authors performed transesophageal contrast echocardiography in 93 consecutive patients with migraine with aura and 93 healthy controls. 	 METHODS
A patent foramen ovale was present in 44 (47% [95% CI 37 to 58%]) patients with migraine with aura and 16 (17% [95% CI 10 to 26%]) control subjects (OR 4.56 [95% CI 1.97 to 10.57]; p < 0.001). 	 RESULTS
A small shunt was equally prevalent in migraineurs (10% [95% CI 5 to 18%]) and controls (10% [95% CI 5 to 18%]), but a moderate-sized or large shunt was found more often in the migraine group (38% [95% CI 28 to 48%] vs 8% [95% CI 2 to 13%] in controls; p < 0.001). 	 RESULTS
The presence of more than a small shunt increased the odds of having migraine with aura 7.78-fold (95% CI 2.53 to 29.30; p < 0.001). 	 RESULTS
Besides patent foramen ovale prevalence and shunt size, no other echocardiographic differences were found between the study groups. 	 RESULTS
Headache and baseline characteristics did not differ in migraine patients with and without shunt. 	 RESULTS
Nearly half of all patients with migraine with aura have a right-to-left shunt due to a patent foramen ovale. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Shunt size is larger in migraineurs than controls. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The clinical presentation of migraine is identical in patients with and without a patent foramen ovale. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The aim of the study was to provide data on the relative frequency of reported symptoms in travelers using chloroquine, chloroquine plus proguanil, and mefloquine. 	 BACKGROUND
The study was an open, nonrandomized study recording self-reported events in travelers recruited consecutively from two travel clinics in Copenhagen, Denmark. 	 METHOD
The main outcome measures were the relative proportion of travelers reporting particular symptoms in the three prophylaxis groups, compliance, hospitalization and premature termination of the travel. 	 METHOD
From May 1996 to April 1998 5, 446 travelers were included and 4,158 questionnaires (76.3%) returned. 	 RESULTS
Compliance was significantly better in mefloquine users with 83.3% of short term travelers compared to 76.3% in chloroquine plus proguanil users. 	 RESULTS
Also, 84.8%, 59.3% and 69.5% using chloroquine, chloroquine plus proguanil, and mefloquine respectively reported no symptoms and 0.6%, 1.1% and 2.8% reported "unacceptable" symptoms. 	 RESULTS
Compared to chloroquine, mefloquine users had a significantly higher risk of reporting depression, RR 5.06 (95% CI 2.71 - 9.45), "strange thoughts," RR 6.36 (95% CI 2.52 - 16.05) and altered spatial perception, RR 3.00 (95% CI 1.41 - 6.41). 	 RESULTS
Overall mefloquine is tolerated at least as well as chloroquine plus proguanil and shows better compliance, however, symptoms related to the central nervous system are more prevalent in mefloquine users and when symptoms develop, they are perceived as more severe. 	 CONCLUSION
While many treatments, including corticosteroid injections in and around the shoulder, are advocated to be of benefit for shoulder pain, few are of proven efficacy. 	 BACKGROUND
This review of corticosteroid injections for shoulder pain is one in a series of reviews of varying interventions for shoulder disorders. 	 BACKGROUND
To determine the efficacy and safety of corticosteroid injections in the treatment of adults with shoulder pain. 	 OBJECTIVES
MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL, Central and Science Citation Index were searched up to and including June 2002. 	 SEARCH STRATEGY
Randomised and pseudo-randomised trials in all languages of corticosteroid injections compared to placebo or another intervention, or of varying types and dosages of steroid injection in adults with shoulder pain. 	 SELECTION CRITERIA
Specific exclusions were duration of shoulder pain less than three weeks, rheumatoid arthritis, polymyalgia rheumatica and fracture. 	 SELECTION CRITERIA
Trial inclusion and methodological quality was assessed by two independent reviewers according to predetermined criteria. 	 DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS
Results are presented separately for rotator cuff disease, adhesive capsulitis, full thickness rotator cuff tear and mixed diagnoses, and, where possible, combined in meta-analysis. 	 DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS
Twenty-six trials met inclusion criteria. 	 MAIN RESULTS
The number, site and dosage of injections varied widely between studies. 	 MAIN RESULTS
The number of participants per trial ranged from 20 to 114 (median 52 participants). 	 MAIN RESULTS
Methodological quality was variable. 	 MAIN RESULTS
For rotator cuff disease, subacromial steroid injection was demonstrated to have a small benefit over placebo in some trials however no benefit of subacromial steroid injection over NSAID was demonstrated based upon the pooled results of three trials. 	 MAIN RESULTS
For adhesive capsulitis, two trials suggested a possible early benefit of intra-articular steroid injection over placebo but there was insufficient data for pooling of any of the trials. 	 MAIN RESULTS
One trial suggested short-term benefit of intra-articular corticosteroid injection over physiotherapy in the short-term (success at seven weeks RR=1.66 (1.21, 2.28). 	 MAIN RESULTS
REVIEWER'S CONCLUSIONS Despite many RCTs of corticosteroid injections for shoulder pain, their small sample sizes, variable methodological quality and heterogeneity means that there is little overall evidence to guide treatment. 	 MAIN RESULTS
Subacromial corticosteroid injection for rotator cuff disease and intra-articular injection for adhesive capsulitis may be beneficial although their effect may be small and not well-maintained. 	 MAIN RESULTS
There is a need for further trials investigating the efficacy of corticosteroid injections for shoulder pain. 	 MAIN RESULTS
Other important issues that remain to be clarified include whether the accuracy of needle placement, anatomical site, frequency, dose and type of corticosteroid influences efficacy. 	 MAIN RESULTS
Atherosclerotic plaques that lead to acute coronary syndromes often occur at sites of angiographically mild coronary-artery stenosis. 	 BACKGROUND
Lesion-related risk factors for such events are poorly understood. 	 BACKGROUND
In a prospective study, 697 patients with acute coronary syndromes underwent three-vessel coronary angiography and gray-scale and radiofrequency intravascular ultrasonographic imaging after percutaneous coronary intervention. 	 METHODS
Subsequent major adverse cardiovascular events (death from cardiac causes, cardiac arrest, myocardial infarction, or rehospitalization due to unstable or progressive angina) were adjudicated to be related to either originally treated (culprit) lesions or untreated (nonculprit) lesions. 	 METHODS
The median follow-up period was 3.4 years. 	 METHODS
The 3-year cumulative rate of major adverse cardiovascular events was 20.4%. 	 RESULTS
Events were adjudicated to be related to culprit lesions in 12.9% of patients and to nonculprit lesions in 11.6%. 	 RESULTS
Most nonculprit lesions responsible for follow-up events were angiographically mild at baseline (mean [±SD] diameter stenosis, 32.3±20.6%). 	 RESULTS
However, on multivariate analysis, nonculprit lesions associated with recurrent events were more likely than those not associated with recurrent events to be characterized by a plaque burden of 70% or greater (hazard ratio, 5.03; 95% confidence interval [CI], 2.51 to 10.11; P<0.001) or a minimal luminal area of 4.0 mm(2) or less (hazard ratio, 3.21; 95% CI, 1.61 to 6.42; P=0.001) or to be classified on the basis of radiofrequency intravascular ultrasonography as thin-cap fibroatheromas (hazard ratio, 3.35; 95% CI, 1.77 to 6.36; P<0.001). 	 RESULTS
In patients who presented with an acute coronary syndrome and underwent percutaneous coronary intervention, major adverse cardiovascular events occurring during follow-up were equally attributable to recurrence at the site of culprit lesions and to nonculprit lesions. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Although nonculprit lesions that were responsible for unanticipated events were frequently angiographically mild, most were thin-cap fibroatheromas or were characterized by a large plaque burden, a small luminal area, or some combination of these characteristics, as determined by gray-scale and radiofrequency intravascular ultrasonography. 	 CONCLUSIONS
(Funded by Abbott Vascular and Volcano; ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00180466.). 	 CONCLUSIONS
To examine the curricula of U.S. medical schools to assess the inclusion of women's health and gender-specific information and identify institutional characteristics associated with this content. 	 PURPOSE
Using data from the Association of American Medical Colleges' Curriculum Management and Information Tool (CurrMIT), in November 2003 to February 2004 the authors performed a curriculum search of schools that entered course/clerkships in CurrMIT to identify interdisciplinary women's health or gender-specific courses/clerkships. 	 METHOD
A subset of schools that entered comprehensive information in CurrMIT was searched for a specified list of women's health topics and or gender-specific content on any topic. 	 METHOD
Statistical analyses were performed to assess the relationship between frequency of topics and school characteristics. 	 METHOD
The authors identified 95 schools that entered related courses/clerkships. 	 RESULTS
Ten courses/clerkships at nine schools met criteria for an interdisciplinary women's health course/clerkship. 	 RESULTS
In the subset of 60 schools with comprehensive CurrMIT information, 18 specified women's health topics were identified, as well as 24 topics on gender-specific content, for a total of 42 topics. 	 RESULTS
The number of topics taught ranged from zero to 26 (mean = 11). 	 RESULTS
More than 50% of these schools taught 11 of the 18 specified topics, while fewer than 30% included gender-specific topics. 	 RESULTS
There was no association in bivariate analysis between the mean number of topics taught and schools' characteristics; however, a women's health program (p= .01) and female dean (p= .06) were positively associated in a regression model. 	 RESULTS
Few schools offer interdisciplinary women's health courses/clerkships or include gender-specific information in their curricula. 	 CONCLUSIONS
A designated women's health program may increase this content in schools' curricula. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The purpose of this study was to compare a laboratory based exercise challenge (LBC) to a field based exercise challenge (FBC) for pulmonary function test (PFT) exercise-induced asthma (EIA) screening of elite athletes. 	 PURPOSE
Twenty-three elite cold weather athletes (14 men, 9 women) PFT positive for EIA (FBC screened) served as subjects. 	 METHODS
Twenty-three gender and sport matched controls (nonasthmatics) were randomly selected to establish PFT reference values for normal elite athletes. 	 METHODS
Before FBC, athletes completed a medical history questionnaire for EIA symptoms. 	 METHODS
evaluations consisted of baseline spirometry, actual or simulated competition, and 5, 10, and 15 min postexercise spirometry. 	 FBC
positive athletes were evaluated in the laboratory using an exercise challenge simulating race intensity (ambient conditions: 21 degrees C, 60% relative humidity). 	 PFT
procedures were identical to FBC. 	 PFT
91% of PFT positive and 48% of PFT normal athletes reported at least one symptom of EIA, with postrace cough most frequent. 	 RESULTS
Baseline spirometry was the same for PFT positives and normal controls. 	 RESULTS
Lower limit reference range (MN - 2 SD) of FEV1 for controls suggests that postexercise decrements of greater than approximately -7% indicate abnormal airway response in this population. 	 RESULTS
Exercise time duration did not effect bronchial reactivity; 78% of FBC PFT positives were PFT normal post-LBC. 	 RESULTS
Self-reported symptoms by elite athletes are not reliable in identifying EIA. 	 CONCLUSION
Reference range criterion for FEV1 decrement in the elite athlete postexercise contrasts current recommended guidelines. 	 CONCLUSION
Moreover, a large number of false negatives may occur in this population if EIA screening is performed with inadequate exercise and environmental stress. 	 CONCLUSION
JX-594 is a targeted oncolytic poxvirus designed to selectively replicate in and destroy cancer cells with cell-cycle abnormalities and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-ras pathway activation. 	 BACKGROUND
Direct oncolysis plus granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) expression also stimulates shutdown of tumour vasculature and antitumoral immunity. 	 BACKGROUND
We aimed to assess intratumoral injection of JX-594 in patients with refractory primary or metastatic liver cancer. 	 BACKGROUND
Between Jan 4, 2006, and July 4, 2007, 14 patients with histologically confirmed refractory primary or metastatic liver tumours (up to 10.9 cm total diameter) that were amenable to image-guided intratumoral injections were enrolled into this non-comparative, open-label, phase I dose-escalation trial (standard 3x3 design; two to six patients for each dose with 12-18 estimated total patients). 	 METHODS
Patients received one of four doses of intratumoral JX-594 (10(8) plaque-forming units [pfu], 3x10(8) pfu, 10(9) pfu, or 3x10(9) pfu) every 3 weeks at Dong-A University Hospital (Busan, South Korea). 	 METHODS
Patients were monitored after treatment for at least 48 h in hospital and for at least 4 weeks as out-patients. 	 METHODS
Adverse event-monitoring according to the National Cancer Institute Common Toxicity Criteria (version 3) and standard laboratory toxicity grading for haematology, liver and renal function, coagulation studies, serum chemistry, and urinalysis were done. 	 METHODS
The primary aims were to ascertain the maximum-tolerated dose (MTD) and safety of JX-594 treatment. 	 METHODS
Data were also collected on pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, and efficacy. 	 METHODS
Analysis was per protocol. 	 METHODS
This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00629759. 	 METHODS
Of 22 patients with liver tumours who were assessed for eligibility, eight patients did not meet inclusion criteria. 	 FINDINGS
Therefore, 14 patients, including those with hepatocellular, colorectal, melanoma, and lung cancer, were enrolled. 	 FINDINGS
Patients were heavily pretreated (5.6 previous treatments, SD 2.8, range 2.0-12.0) and had large tumours (7.0 cm diameter, SD 2.7, range 1.8-10.9). 	 FINDINGS
Patients received a mean of 3.4 (SD 2.2, range 1.0-8.0) cycles of JX-594. 	 FINDINGS
All patients were evaluable for toxicity. 	 FINDINGS
All patients experienced grade I-III flu-like symptoms, and four had transient grade I-III dose-related thrombocytopenia. 	 FINDINGS
Grade III hyperbilirubinaemia was dose-limiting in both patients at the highest dose; the MTD was therefore 1x10(9) pfu. 	 FINDINGS
JX-594 replication-dependent dissemination in blood was shown, with resultant infection of non-injected tumour sites. 	 FINDINGS
GM-CSF expression resulted in grade I-III increases in neutrophil counts in four of six patients at the MTD. 	 FINDINGS
Tumour responses were shown in injected and non-injected tumours. 	 FINDINGS
Ten patients were radiographically evaluable for objective responses; non-evaluable patients had contraindications to contrast medium (n=2) or no post-treatment scans (n=2). 	 FINDINGS
According to Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST), three patients had partial response, six had stable disease, and one had progressive disease. 	 FINDINGS
Intratumoral injection of JX-594 into primary or metastatic liver tumours was generally well-tolerated. 	 INTERPRETATION
Direct hyperbilirubinaemia was the dose-limiting toxicity. 	 INTERPRETATION
Safety was acceptable in the context of JX-594 replication, GM-CSF expression, systemic dissemination, and JX-594 had anti-tumoral effects against several refractory carcinomas. 	 INTERPRETATION
Phase II trials are now underway. 	 INTERPRETATION
The association of an adult tele-intensive care unit (ICU) intervention with hospital mortality, length of stay, best practice adherence, and preventable complications for an academic medical center has not been reported. 	 CONTEXT
To quantify the association of a tele-ICU intervention with hospital mortality, length of stay, and complications that are preventable by adherence to best practices. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PATIENTS Prospective stepped-wedge clinical practice study of 6290 adults admitted to any of 7 ICUs (3 medical, 3 surgical, and 1 mixed cardiovascular) on 2 campuses of an 834-bed academic medical center that was performed from April 26, 2005, through September 30, 2007. 	 OBJECTIVE
Electronically supported and monitored processes for best practice adherence, care plan creation, and clinician response times to alarms were evaluated. 	 OBJECTIVE
Case-mix and severity-adjusted hospital mortality. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Other outcomes included hospital and ICU length of stay, best practice adherence, and complication rates. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
The hospital mortality rate was 13.6% (95% confidence interval [CI], 11.9%-15.4%) during the preintervention period compared with 11.8% (95% CI, 10.9%-12.8%) during the tele-ICU intervention period (adjusted odds ratio [OR], 0.40 [95% CI, 0.31-0.52]). 	 RESULTS
The tele-ICU intervention period compared with the preintervention period was associated with higher rates of best clinical practice adherence for the prevention of deep vein thrombosis (99% vs 85%, respectively; OR, 15.4 [95% CI, 11.3-21.1]) and prevention of stress ulcers (96% vs 83%, respectively; OR, 4.57 [95% CI, 3.91-5.77], best practice adherence for cardiovascular protection (99% vs 80%, respectively; OR, 30.7 [95% CI, 19.3-49.2]), prevention of ventilator-associated pneumonia (52% vs 33%, respectively; OR, 2.20 [95% CI, 1.79-2.70]), lower rates of preventable complications (1.6% vs 13%, respectively, for ventilator-associated pneumonia [OR, 0.15; 95% CI, 0.09-0.23] and 0.6% vs 1.0%, respectively, for catheter-related bloodstream infection [OR, 0.50; 95% CI, 0.27-0.93]), and shorter hospital length of stay (9.8 vs 13.3 days, respectively; hazard ratio for discharge, 1.44 [95% CI, 1.33-1.56]). 	 RESULTS
The results for medical, surgical, and cardiovascular ICUs were similar. 	 RESULTS
In a single academic medical center study, implementation of a tele-ICU intervention was associated with reduced adjusted odds of mortality and reduced hospital length of stay, as well as with changes in best practice adherence and lower rates of preventable complications. 	 CONCLUSION
We investigated the role of cytokines tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) in cachexia development in newly diagnosed nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. 	 OBJECTIVES
: We evaluated 44 (M/F:41/3) NSCLC patients and 12 (M/F:10/2) age matched healthy smokers. 	 METHODS
cases with a weight loss of > or =10% consisted the cachectic group (n:23, M/F:21/2) and the ones with <10% weight loss consisted the noncachectic group (n:21, M/F:19/2). 	 NSCLC
Body mass index (BMI) of cachectics was significantly lower than that of noncachectics (21.0 +/- 2.9 versus 24.5 +/- 	 RESULTS
3.6, P = 0.02) and controls (21.0 +/- 2.9 versus 25.5 +/- 2.6, P = 0.01). 	 RESULTS
Serum TNF-alpha level did not differ between cachectic and noncachectics (37.3 +/- 	 RESULTS
39.1 and 51.6 +/- 	 RESULTS
84.2 pg/mL, respectively). 	 RESULTS
However, it was significantly higher in NSCLC patients compared with controls (44.1 +/- 64.3 and 15.1 +/- 	 RESULTS
14.3 pg/mL, P = 0.03). 	 RESULTS
Serum IL-6 level was not different between 3 groups (6.4 +/- 4.1, 8.9 +/- 	 RESULTS
16.3, and 4.1 +/- 	 RESULTS
3.5 pg/mL, respectively) 	 RESULTS
but it correlated significantly with TNF-alpha (r = 0.4, P = 0.006) and BMI (r = -0.3, P = 0.03). 	 RESULTS
Erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) correlated significantly with TNF-alpha (r = 0.4, P = 0.003) and BMI (r = -0.3, P = 0.03). 	 RESULTS
Among 44 cases, survival of 12 and 17 patients was recorded in cachectics and noncachectics, with no statistical difference (12.2 +/- 3.7 and 11.2 +/- 	 RESULTS
1.0 months, respectively). 	 RESULTS
TNF-alpha and IL-6 levels did not differ significantly between cachectics and noncachectics. 	 CONCLUSIONS
However, significant correlations between IL-6, BMI, and TNF-alpha suggested that these cytokines acted as cofactors in weight loss. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Survival was neither influenced by BMI, nor the cytokine levels in the present study. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The significant correlation of ESR with TNF-alpha suggested that ESR could provide valuable clue for considerable weight loss in the follow-up of NSCLC patients. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Sexual dysfunction is a common adverse effect of antidepressants that frequently results in treatment noncompliance. 	 CONTEXT
To assess the efficacy of sildenafil citrate in men with sexual dysfunction associated with the use of selective and nonselective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SRI) antidepressants. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PATIENTS Prospective, parallel-group, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial conducted between November 1, 2000, and January 1, 2001, at 3 US university medical centers among 90 male outpatients (mean [SD] age, 45 [8] years) with major depression in remission and sexual dysfunction associated with SRI antidepressant treatment. 	 OBJECTIVE
Patients were randomly assigned to take sildenafil (n = 45) or placebo (n = 45) at a flexible dose starting at 50 mg and adjustable to 100 mg before sexual activity for 6 weeks. 	 INTERVENTION
The primary outcome measure was score on the Clinical Global Impression-Sexual Function (CGI-SF); secondary measures were scores on the International Index of Erectile Function, Arizona Sexual Experience Scale, Massachusetts General Hospital-Sexual Functioning Questionnaire, and Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D). 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Among the 90 randomized patients, 93% (83/89) of patients treated per protocol took at least 1 dose of study drug and 85% (76/89) completed week 6 end-point assessments with last observation carried forward analyses. 	 RESULTS
At a CGI-SF score of 2 or lower, 54.5% (24/44) of sildenafil compared with 4.4% (2/45) of placebo patients were much or very much improved (P<.001). 	 RESULTS
Erectile function, arousal, ejaculation, orgasm, and overall satisfaction domain measures improved significantly in sildenafil compared with placebo patients. 	 RESULTS
Mean depression scores remained consistent with remission (HAM-D score < or =10) in both groups for the study duration. 	 RESULTS
In our study, sildenafil effectively improved erectile function and other aspects of sexual function in men with sexual dysfunction associated with the use of SRI antidepressants. 	 CONCLUSION
These improvements may allow patients to maintain adherence with effective antidepressant treatment. 	 CONCLUSION
to investigate the role of glucose tolerance in the development of hypertension. 	 OBJECTIVE
Retrospective analysis of the results of a health check up in a group of clinically healthy middle aged men in the late 1960s (median year 1968). 	 DESIGN
The subjects were invited to enter into a primary prevention trial for cardiovascular disease in 1974, when they underwent clinical examination for risk factors. 	 DESIGN
The trial was completed in 1979, when the men were re-examined. 	 DESIGN
Follow up was in 1986. 	 DESIGN
Institute of Occupational Health, Helsinki, Finland and second department of medicine, University of Helsinki. 	 SETTING
In all, 3490 men born during 1919-34 participated in a health check up in the late 1960s. 	 SUBJECTS
In 1974, 1815 of these men who were clinically healthy were entered into a primary prevention trial for cardiovascular disease. 	 SUBJECTS
On clinical examination 1222 of the men were considered at high risk of cardiovascular disease. 	 SUBJECTS
Of these, 612 received an intervention and were excluded from the study. 	 SUBJECTS
A total of 593 men were without risk factors. 	 SUBJECTS
The study comprised all of the men who did not have an intervention (n = 1203). 	 SUBJECTS
In 1979, 1120 men were re-examined, and in 1986 945 men attended follow up. 	 SUBJECTS
There were two groups for analysis: one comprising all subjects and the other comprising only men who were normotensive in 1968 and for whom complete information was available. 	 SUBJECTS
By 1979, 103 men were taking antihypertensive drugs, and by 1986, 131 were taking antihypertensive drugs and 12 were taking drugs for hyperglycaemia. 	 INTERVENTIONS
Blood glucose concentration one hour after a glucose load, blood pressure, and body weight were measured in 1968, 1974, and 1979. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
In 1986 blood pressure and body weight were recorded. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Men who were hypertensive in 1986 had significantly higher blood pressures (p less than 0.0001) and (after adjustment for body mass index and alcohol intake) significantly higher blood glucose concentrations one hour after a glucose load at all examinations than those who were normotensive in 1986. 	 RESULTS
Regression analysis showed that the higher the blood glucose concentration after a glucose load in 1968 the higher the blood pressure during the following years. 	 RESULTS
Those men between the second and third tertiles of blood glucose concentration in 1968 had a significantly higher risk of developing hypertension (odds ratio 1.71, 95% confidence interval 1.05 to 2.77) compared with those below the first tertile. 	 RESULTS
In this study men who developed hypertension tended to have shown an increased intolerance to glucose up to 18 years before the clinical manifestation of their disorder. 	 CONCLUSION
Blood glucose concentration one hour after a glucose load was an independent predictor of future hypertension. 	 CONCLUSION
To measure in vivo, using diffusion tensor magnetic resonance imaging (DT-MRI) the extent of pathological damage of normal appearing brain tissue (NABT) from patients with migraine. 	 OBJECTIVE
Dual echo and DT-MRI scans of the brain were acquired from 34 patients with migraine and 17 sex and age matched healthy volunteers. 	 METHODS
Mean diffusivity (MD) and fractional anisotropy (FA) histograms of the NABT were obtained from all subjects and the histograms' peak heights and average NABT MD and FA measured. 	 METHODS
When present, average MD and FA values of T2 visible lesions were also measured. 	 METHODS
In comparison with healthy volunteers, patients with migraine had lower MD histogram peak height (p=0.02) of the NABT. 	 RESULTS
No differences were found in FA histogram derived metrics between migraine patients and healthy subjects. 	 RESULTS
No difference was found for any MD and FA histogram derived metrics between migraine patients with and without brain MRI lesions, and between patients with and without aura. 	 RESULTS
This study shows that, although brain damage may extend beyond T2 weighted abnormalities in patients with migraine, the severity of these "occult" changes is mild compared with that found in other diseases associated with white matter abnormality. 	 CONCLUSIONS
OF REVIEW Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) is a fatal disease with limited treatment options and extensive gene expression changes identified in the lung parenchyma. 	 PURPOSE
Multiple lines of evidence suggest that epigenetic factors contribute to dysregulation of gene expression in IPF lung. 	 PURPOSE
Most importantly, risk factors that predispose to IPF - age, sex, cigarette smoke, and genetic variants - all influence epigenetic marks. 	 PURPOSE
This review summarizes recent findings of association of DNA methylation and histone modifications with the presence of disease and fibroproliferation. 	 PURPOSE
In addition to targeted studies focused on specific gene loci, genome-wide profiles of DNA methylation demonstrate widespread DNA methylation changes in IPF lung tissue and a substantial effect of these methylation changes on gene expression. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
Genetic loci that have been recently associated with IPF also contain differentially methylated regions, suggesting that genetic and epigenetic factors act in concert to dysregulate gene expression in IPF lung. 	 RECENT FINDINGS
Although we are in very early stages of understanding the role of epigenetics in IPF, the potential for the use of epigenetic marks as biomarkers and therapeutic targets is high and discoveries made in this field will likely bring us closer to better prognosticating and treating this fatal disease. 	 SUMMARY
The hostile environment after spinal cord injury (SCI) can compromise effects of regenerative therapies. 	 INTRODUCTION
We hypothesized that optimizing the post-traumatic environment with QL6 self-assembling peptides (SAPs) before neural precursor cell (NPC) transplantation would improve cell survival, differentiation and functional recovery. 	 INTRODUCTION
A total of 90 Wistar rats received a clip-compression SCI at C7. 	 METHODS
Within each of two study arms, animals were randomized into 5 groups (NPC, SAP, NPC+SAP, vehicle, and sham). 	 METHODS
SAPs and NPCs were injected into the spinal cord 1day and 14days post-injury, respectively. 	 METHODS
Animals received growth factors over 7days and were immunosuppressed. 	 METHODS
Rats were sacrificed at 4weeks and sections of the cervical spinal cord prepared for immunohistochemistry (first study arm). 	 METHODS
Neurological function was assessed weekly for 8weeks using a battery of behavioral tests. 	 METHODS
Nine weeks post-SCI, the corticospinal tract was assessed using fiber-tracking (second arm). 	 METHODS
SAP-treated animals had significantly more surviving NPCs which showed increased differentiation to neurons and oligodendrocytes compared to controls. 	 RESULTS
SAPs alone or in combination with NPCs resulted in smaller intramedullary cysts and larger volume of preserved tissue compared to other groups. 	 RESULTS
The combined treatment group showed reduced astrogliosis and chondroitin sulfate proteoglycan deposition. 	 RESULTS
Synaptic connectivity was increased in the NPC and combined treatment groups. 	 RESULTS
Corticospinal tract preservation and behavioral outcomes improved with combinatorial treatment. 	 RESULTS
Injecting SAPs after SCI enhances subsequent NPC survival, integration and differentiation and improves functional recovery. 	 CONCLUSION
OF SIGNIFICANCE The hostile environment after spinal cord injury (SCI) can compromise effects of regenerative therapies. 	 STATEMENT
We hypothesized that improving this environment with self-assembling peptides (SAPs) before neural precursor cell (NPC) transplantation would support their beneficial effects. 	 STATEMENT
SAPs assemble once injected, providing a supportive scaffold for repair and regeneration. 	 STATEMENT
We investigated this in a rat model of spinal cord injury. 	 STATEMENT
More NPCs survived in SAP-treated animals and these showed increased differentiation compared to controls. 	 STATEMENT
alone or in combination with NPCs resulted in smaller cysts and larger volume of preserved tissue with the combined treatment also reducing scarring and improving behavioral outcomes. 	 SAPS
Overall, injection of SAPs was shown to improve the efficacy of NPC treatment, a promising finding for those with SCIs. 	 SAPS
& AIMS Chronic infection with the bacterial pathogen Helicobacter pylori causes gastric disorders, ranging from chronic gastritis to gastric adenocarcinoma. 	 BACKGROUND
Only a subset of infected persons will develop overt disease; most remains asymptomatic despite lifelong colonization. 	 BACKGROUND
This study aims to elucidate the differential susceptibility to H pylori that is found both across and within populations. 	 BACKGROUND
We have established a C57BL/6 mouse model of H pylori infection with a strain that is capable of delivering the virulence factor cytotoxin-associated gene A (CagA) into host cells through the activity of a Cag-pathogenicity island-encoded type IV secretion system. 	 METHODS
Mice infected at 5-6 weeks of age with CagA(+)H pylori rapidly develop gastritis, gastric atrophy, epithelial hyperplasia, and metaplasia in a type IV secretion system-dependent manner. 	 RESULTS
In contrast, mice infected during the neonatal period with the same strain are protected from preneoplastic lesions. 	 RESULTS
Their protection results from the development of H pylori-specific peripheral immunologic tolerance, which requires transforming growth factor-β signaling and is mediated by long-lived, inducible regulatory T cells, and which controls the local CD4(+) T-cell responses that trigger premalignant transformation. 	 RESULTS
Tolerance to H pylori develops in the neonatal period because of a biased ratio of T-regulatory to T-effector cells and is favored by prolonged low-dose exposure to antigen. 	 RESULTS
Using a novel CagA(+)H pylori infection model, we report here that the development of tolerance to H pylori protects from gastric cancer precursor lesions. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The age at initial infection may thus account for the differential susceptibility of infected persons to H pylori-associated disease manifestations. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Several miRNAs are aberrantly expressed in cancer. 	 OBJECTIVES
miR-24-3p is involved in cancer-related cellular processes, including cell cycle control, cell growth, proliferation, and apoptosis. 	 OBJECTIVES
In this study, we examined the potential diagnostic and prognostic significance of miR-24-3p expression in colorectal adenocarcinoma. 	 OBJECTIVES
Total RNA was isolated from 182 colorectal adenocarcinoma specimens and 86 paired non-cancerous colorectal mucosae. 	 DESIGN AND METHODS
After polyadenylation of 2μg total RNA and reverse transcription into first-strand cDNA using an oligo-dT-adapter primer, miR-24-3p expression was quantified using an in-house-developed reverse-transcription real-time quantitative PCR method, based on the SYBR Green chemistry. 	 DESIGN AND METHODS
SNORD43 (RNU43) was used as a reference gene. 	 DESIGN AND METHODS
miR-24-3p levels do not significantly differ between colorectal adenocarcinoma and non-cancerous colorectal mucosae. 	 RESULTS
Thus, miR-24-3p expression cannot be used for diagnostic purposes. 	 RESULTS
However, high miR-24-3p expression predicts poor disease-free survival (DFS) and overall survival (OS) of colorectal adenocarcinoma patients. 	 RESULTS
Multivariate Cox regression analysis confirmed that miR-24-3p overexpression is a significant predictor of relapse in colorectal adenocarcinoma and that its prognostic significance is independent of other established prognostic factors and treatment of patients. 	 RESULTS
Of note, miR-24-3p overexpression retains its rather unfavorable prognostic value in the subgroup of patients with advanced yet locally restricted colorectal adenocarcinoma (T3) and in those without distant metastasis (M0). 	 RESULTS
Moreover, miR-24-3p overexpression is a potentially unfavorable prognosticator for patients who were not treated with radiotherapy. 	 RESULTS
Strong expression of miR-24-3p predicts poor DFS and OS of colorectal adenocarcinoma patients, independently of clinicopathological parameters that are currently used for prognosis in this human malignancy. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To assess the efficacy and tolerability of sulfasalazine (SSZ) in the treatment of spondylarthropathy. 	 OBJECTIVE
We conducted a 6-month randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, multicenter study of patients with spondylarthropathy whose disease had remained active despite treatment with nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs. 	 METHODS
Patients were treated with SSZ (3 gm/day) or placebo. 	 METHODS
The primary efficacy variables were the physician's and patient's overall assessments, pain, and morning stiffness. 	 METHODS
End points were analyzed in the intent-to-treat and completer patient populations; the time course of effect was analyzed in the completer patient population. 	 METHODS
Of the 351 patients enrolled, 263 (75%) completed the 6-month treatment period. 	 RESULTS
The withdrawal rates were 35 (20%) and 53 (30%) in the placebo and SSZ groups, respectively. 	 RESULTS
In the intent-to-treat analysis of end point efficacy, the between-treatment difference reached statistical significance only for 1 of the 4 primary outcome variables, the patient's overall assessment of disease activity, for which 60% of the patients taking SSZ improved by at least 1 point on a 5-point scale, in contrast to 44% of the patients taking placebo. 	 RESULTS
Laboratory markers of inflammation also showed statistically significant change in favor of SSZ. 	 RESULTS
In subgroup analysis, the most impressive effects were seen in patients with psoriatic arthritis, both for the 4 primary efficacy variables and for secondary efficacy variables such as the number of inflamed joints. 	 RESULTS
Adverse events were more frequent in the SSZ group than the placebo group, but all were transient or reversible after cessation of treatment. 	 RESULTS
The results of this study show that SSZ had greater efficacy than placebo in the treatment of active spondylarthropathy, notably in patients with psoriatic arthritis. 	 CONCLUSION
Experimental studies in animals and observational studies in humans suggest that regular aspirin use may decrease the risk of colorectal adenomas, the precursors to most colorectal cancers. 	 BACKGROUND
We conducted a randomized, double-blind trial to determine the effect of aspirin on the incidence of colorectal adenomas. 	 METHODS
We randomly assigned 635 patients with previous colorectal cancer to receive either 325 mg of aspirin per day or placebo. 	 METHODS
We determined the proportion of patients with adenomas, the number of recurrent adenomas, and the time to the development of adenoma between randomization and subsequent colonoscopic examinations. 	 METHODS
Relative risks were adjusted for age, sex, cancer stage, the number of colonoscopic examinations, and the time to a first colonoscopy. 	 METHODS
The study was terminated early by an independent data and safety monitoring board when statistically significant results were reported during a planned interim analysis. 	 METHODS
A total of 517 randomized patients had at least one colonoscopic examination a median of 12.8 months after randomization. 	 RESULTS
One or more adenomas were found in 17 percent of patients in the aspirin group and 27 percent of patients in the placebo group (P=0.004). 	 RESULTS
The mean (+/-SD) number of adenomas was lower in the aspirin group than the placebo group (0.30+/-0.87 vs. 0.49+/-0.99, P=0.003 by the Wilcoxon test). 	 RESULTS
The adjusted relative risk of any recurrent adenoma in the aspirin group, as compared with the placebo group, was 0.65 (95 percent confidence interval, 0.46 to 0.91). 	 RESULTS
The time to the detection of a first adenoma was longer in the aspirin group than in the placebo group (hazard ratio for the detection of a new polyp, 0.64; 95 percent confidence interval, 0.43 to 0.94; P=0.022). 	 RESULTS
Daily use of aspirin is associated with a significant reduction in the incidence of colorectal adenomas in patients with previous colorectal cancer. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This study assessed psychiatric medications and their potential lethality in a representative sample of suicide attempts. 	 PURPOSE
During 1996-98, 563 suicide attempts were studied in a general hospital in Madrid (Spain). 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
Medication overdose was used in 456 suicide attempts (81%). 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
The ratio between dose taken and maximum prescription dose recommended was used to evaluate the medication toxicity. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
Benzodiazepines were the drugs most often used in self-poisoning (65% of overdoses), followed by new antidepressants (11%), tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs) (10%), and antipsychotics (8%). 	 RESULTS
An overdose with any of the three latter psychiatric medications was significantly more frequent in patients prescribed those medications. 	 RESULTS
The overdoses for TCA were potentially lethal in 47% of the cases. 	 RESULTS
However, all patients who overdosed on psychiatric medications recovered well and were discharged without any sequelae. 	 RESULTS
This study suggests that psychiatric medications, particularly benzodiazepines, new antidepressants and antipsychotics, are relatively safe when they are used for self-poisoning. 	 DISCUSSION
If patients with mental illnesses are under treated, there is a clear and documented higher risk for suicide. 	 DISCUSSION
CONCLUSION 	 DISCUSSION
It is better to prescribe psychiatric medications, particularly the new ones, rather than withhold them due to an exaggerated fear of a lethal overdose 	 DISCUSSION
New WHO guidelines recommend ART initiation for HIV-positive persons with CD4 cell counts ≤500 cells/µL, a higher threshold than was previously recommended. 	 BACKGROUND
Country decision makers must consider whether to further expand ART eligibility accordingly. 	 BACKGROUND
We used multiple independent mathematical models in four settings-South Africa, Zambia, India, and Vietnam-to evaluate the potential health impact, costs, and cost-effectiveness of different adult ART eligibility criteria under scenarios of current and expanded treatment coverage, with results projected over 20 years. 	 METHODS
Analyses considered extending eligibility to include individuals with CD4 ≤500 cells/µL or all HIV-positive adults, compared to the previous recommendation of initiation with CD4 ≤350 cells/µL. We assessed costs from a health system perspective, and calculated the incremental cost per DALY averted ($/DALY) to compare competing strategies. 	 METHODS
Strategies were considered 'very cost-effective' if the $/DALY was less than the country's per capita gross domestic product (GDP; South Africa: $8040, Zambia: $1425, India: $1489, Vietnam: $1407) and 'cost-effective' if $/DALY was less than three times per capita GDP. 	 METHODS
In South Africa, the cost per DALY averted of extending ART eligibility to CD4 ≤500 cells/µL ranged from $237 to $1691/DALY compared to 2010 guidelines; in Zambia, expanded eligibility ranged from improving health outcomes while reducing costs (i.e. dominating current guidelines) to $749/DALY. 	 FINDINGS
Results were similar in scenarios with substantially expanded treatment access and for expanding eligibility to all HIV-positive adults. 	 FINDINGS
Expanding treatment coverage in the general population was therefore found to be cost-effective. 	 FINDINGS
In India, eligibility for all HIV-positive persons ranged from $131 to $241/DALY and in Vietnam eligibility for CD4 ≤500 cells/µL cost $290/DALY. 	 FINDINGS
In concentrated epidemics, expanded access among key populations was also cost-effective. 	 FINDINGS
Earlier ART eligibility is estimated to be very cost-effective in low- and middle-income settings, although these questions should be revisited as further information becomes available. 	 INTERPRETATION
Scaling-up ART should be considered among other high-priority health interventions competing for health budgets. 	 INTERPRETATION
The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and World Health Organization. 	 FUNDING
The purpose of the current study was to examine the relationship among emotional regulation, emotional overeating, and general eating pathology in a treatment seeking sample of adults with Binge Eating Disorder (BED). 	 OBJECTIVE
The sample was composed of 326 adults (248 women, 78 men) who were obese and met DSM-IV-TR criteria for BED. 	 METHOD
Prior to treatment, participants completed the Difficulties in Emotion Regulation Scale (DERS), Emotional Overeating Questionnaire (EOQ), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), and Eating Disorder Examination-Questionnaire (EDE-Q) as part of a larger assessment battery. 	 METHOD
A series of hierarchical regression analyses indicated that difficulties with emotion regulation accounted for unique variance in both emotional overeating and general eating pathology above and beyond sex and negative affect. 	 RESULTS
Emotion regulation may play a significant role in the maintenance of emotional overeating and eating pathology in obese adults with BED. 	 DISCUSSION
Acute kidney injury (AKI) after cardiac surgery is associated with increased morbidity and mortality. 	 BACKGROUND
We assessed whether statin treatment is associated with a lower incidence of postoperative AKI in 2,104 consecutive patients who underwent coronary artery bypass graft or valve surgery at the Minneapolis Veterans Administration Medical Center. 	 METHODS
Acute kidney injury was defined as absolute increase greater than 0.3 mg/dL or relative increase greater than 50% in serum creatinine from baseline, within 48 hours after surgery or requiring postoperative hemodialysis per AKI network. 	 METHODS
Propensity scores were utilized to adjust for the differences between the statin and the no-statin treatment groups. 	 METHODS
All statins were converted to equivalent-dose simvastatin and divided at the median to construct high-dose (≥40 mg) and low-dose (<40 mg) statin groups. 	 METHODS
Of the 2,104 patients, 1,435 (68%) were taking statins (638 high-dose) and 495 (24%) developed AKI (25% high-dose vs 40% low-dose vs 35% no-statin; p = 0.014). 	 RESULTS
Estimated preoperative glomerular filtration rate (p = 0.003), diabetes mellitus (p=0.02), valve surgery with or without coronary artery bypass graft (p = 0.024), cardiopulmonary bypass time (p = 0.001), and intraaortic balloon pump (p = 0.055) were independent predictors of AKI. 	 RESULTS
After propensity adjustment statin treatment was not associated with postoperative AKI (odds ratio 0.79; 95% confidence interval 0.59 to 1.06; p = 0.11 for high-dose v. no-statin). 	 RESULTS
After full adjustment for all independent predictors of AKI, the results did not change. 	 RESULTS
Statins also had no effect on the incidence of postoperative hemodialysis (0.8% high-dose vs 1.9% low-dose vs 1% no-statin; p = 0.15). 	 RESULTS
Statin treatment is not associated with a lower incidence of AKI after cardiac surgery. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) are under evaluation as a therapy for ischemic cardiomyopathy (ICM). 	 CONTEXT
Both autologous and allogeneic MSC therapies are possible; however, their safety and efficacy have not been compared. 	 CONTEXT
To test whether allogeneic MSCs are as safe and effective as autologous MSCs in patients with left ventricular (LV) dysfunction due to ICM. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PATIENTS A phase 1/2 randomized comparison (POSEIDON study) in a US tertiary-care referral hospital of allogeneic and autologous MSCs in 30 patients with LV dysfunction due to ICM between April 2, 2010, and September 14, 2011, with 13-month follow-up. 	 OBJECTIVE
Twenty million, 100 million, or 200 million cells (5 patients in each cell type per dose level) were delivered by transendocardial stem cell injection into 10 LV sites. 	 INTERVENTION
Thirty-day postcatheterization incidence of predefined treatment-emergent serious adverse events (SAEs). 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Efficacy assessments included 6-minute walk test, exercise peak VO2, Minnesota Living with Heart Failure Questionnaire (MLHFQ), New York Heart Association class, LV volumes, ejection fraction (EF), early enhancement defect (EED; infarct size), and sphericity index. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Within 30 days, 1 patient in each group (treatment-emergent SAE rate, 6.7%) was hospitalized for heart failure, less than the prespecified stopping event rate of 25%. 	 RESULTS
The 1-year incidence of SAEs was 33.3% (n = 5) in the allogeneic group and 53.3% (n = 8) in the autologous group (P = .46). 	 RESULTS
At 1 year, there were no ventricular arrhythmia SAEs observed among allogeneic recipients compared with 4 patients (26.7%) in the autologous group (P = .10). 	 RESULTS
Relative to baseline, autologous but not allogeneic MSC therapy was associated with an improvement in the 6-minute walk test and the MLHFQ score, but neither improved exercise VO2 max. 	 RESULTS
Allogeneic and autologous MSCs reduced mean EED by −33.21% (95% CI, −43.61% to −22.81%; P < .001) and sphericity index but did not increase EF. 	 RESULTS
Allogeneic MSCs reduced LV end-diastolic volumes. 	 RESULTS
Low-dose concentration MSCs (20 million cells) produced greatest reductions in LV volumes and increased EF. 	 RESULTS
Allogeneic MSCs did not stimulate significant donor-specific alloimmune reactions. 	 RESULTS
In this early-stage study of patients with ICM, transendocardial injection of allogeneic and autologous MSCs without a placebo control were both associated with low rates of treatment-emergent SAEs, including immunologic reactions. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In aggregate, MSC injection favorably affected patient functional capacity, quality of life, and ventricular remodeling. 	 CONCLUSIONS
clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT01087996. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
To assess risk factors for gallstone recurrence following non-surgical treatment. 	 OBJECTIVE
A prospective follow-up of a multicentre cohort of post-dissolution gallstone patients. 	 DESIGN
Six gastroenterology units in the UK and Italy. 	 SETTING
One hundred and sixty-three patients with confirmed gallstone dissolution following non-surgical therapy (bile acids or lithotripsy plus bile acids), followed up by ultrasound scan and clinical assessment at 6-monthly intervals for up to 6 years (median, 25 months; range, 6-70 months). 	 PARTICIPANTS
Subject-related variables (sex, age, height, weight, body mass index), gallstone-related variables (number, diameter, presence of symptoms, months to complete stone clearance), treatment modalities (bile acid therapy, extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy) and follow-up related variables (weight change, use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents, statins, pregnancies and/or use of oestrogens) were assessed by univariate and multivariate analysis as putative risk factors for gallstone recurrence. 	 OUTCOME MEASURES
Forty-five gallstone recurrences were observed during the follow-up period. 	 RESULTS
Multiple primary gallstones and length of time to achieve gallstone dissolution were the only variables associated with a significant increase in the recurrence rate. 	 RESULTS
Appearance of biliary sludge during follow-up was also significantly related to development of gallstone recurrence. 	 RESULTS
Use of statins or non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents did not confer protection against recurrence. 	 RESULTS
Patients with primary single stones are the best candidates for non-surgical treatment of gallstones, because of a low risk of gallstone recurrence. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The positive association of recurrence with biliary sludge formation and time to dissolution of primary stones may provide indirect confirmation for the role of impaired gallbladder motility in the pathogenesis of this condition. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To perform a systematic review on the epidemiology, the health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and economic burden of binge eating disorder (BED). 	 PURPOSE
A systematic literature search of English-language articles was conducted using Medline, Embase, PsycINFO, PsycARTICLES, Academic Search Complete, CINAHL Plus, Business Source Premier and Cochrane Library. 	 METHODS
Literature search on epidemiology was limited to studies published between 2009 and 2013. 	 METHODS
Cost data were inflated and converted to 2012 US$ purchasing power parities. 	 METHODS
All of the included studies were assessed for quality. 	 METHODS
Forty-nine articles were included. 	 RESULTS
Data on epidemiology were reported in 31, HRQoL burden in 16, and economic burden in 7 studies. 	 RESULTS
Diagnosis of BED was made using 4th Edition of The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-IV) criteria in 46 studies. 	 RESULTS
Lifetime prevalence of BED was 1.1-1.9% in the general population (DSM-IV). 	 RESULTS
was associated with significant impairment in aspects of HRQoL relating to both physical and mental health; the Short Form 36 Physical and Mental Component Summary mean scores varied between 31.1 to 47.3 and 32.0 to 49.8, respectively. 	 BED
Compared to individuals without eating disorder, BED was related to increased healthcare utilization and costs. 	 BED
Annual direct healthcare costs per BED patient ranged between $2,372 and $3,731. 	 BED
is a serious eating disorder that impairs HRQoL and is related to increased healthcare utilization and healthcare costs. 	 CONCLUSIONS BED
The limited literature warrants further research, especially to better understand the long-term HRQoL and economic burden of BED. 	 CONCLUSIONS BED
The Avoiding Cardiovascular Events through Combination Therapy in Patients Living with Systolic Hypertension (ACCOMPLISH) trial showed that initial antihypertensive therapy with benazepril plus amlodipine was superior to benazepril plus hydrochlorothiazide in reducing cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. 	 BACKGROUND
We assessed the effects of these drug combinations on progression of chronic kidney disease. 	 BACKGROUND
was a double-blind, randomised trial undertaken in five countries (USA, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, and Finland). 	 METHODS ACCOMPLISH
11 506 patients with hypertension who were at high risk for cardiovascular events were randomly assigned via a central, telephone-based interactive voice response system in a 1:1 ratio to receive benazepril (20 mg) plus amlodipine (5 mg; n=5744) or benazepril (20 mg) plus hydrochlorothiazide (12.5 mg; n=5762), orally once daily. 	 METHODS ACCOMPLISH
Drug doses were force-titrated for patients to attain recommended blood pressure goals. 	 METHODS ACCOMPLISH
Progression of chronic kidney disease, a prespecified endpoint, was defined as doubling of serum creatinine concentration or end-stage renal disease (estimated glomerular filtration rate <15 mL/min/1.73 m(2) or need for dialysis). 	 METHODS ACCOMPLISH
Analysis was by intention to treat (ITT). 	 METHODS ACCOMPLISH
This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00170950. 	 METHODS ACCOMPLISH
The trial was terminated early (mean follow-up 2.9 years [SD 0.4]) because of superior efficacy of benazepril plus amlodipine compared with benazepril plus hydrochlorothiazide. 	 FINDINGS
At trial completion, vital status was not known for 143 (1%) patients who were lost to follow-up (benazepril plus amlodipine, n=70; benazepril plus hydrochlorothiazide, n=73). 	 FINDINGS
All randomised patients were included in the ITT analysis. 	 FINDINGS
There were 113 (2.0%) events of chronic kidney disease progression in the benazepril plus amlodipine group compared with 215 (3.7%) in the benazepril plus hydrochlorothiazide group (HR 0.52, 0.41-0.65, p<0.0001). 	 FINDINGS
The most frequent adverse event in patients with chronic kidney disease was peripheral oedema (benazepril plus amlodipine, 189 of 561, 33.7%; benazepril plus hydrochlorothiazide, 85 of 532, 16.0%). 	 FINDINGS
In patients with chronic kidney disease, angio-oedema was more frequent in the benazepril plus amlodipine group than in the benazepril plus hydrochlorothiazide group. 	 FINDINGS
In patients without chronic kidney disease, dizziness, hypokalaemia, and hypotension were more frequent in the benazepril plus hydrochlorothiazide group than in the benazepril plus amlodipine group. 	 FINDINGS
Initial antihypertensive treatment with benazepril plus amlodipine should be considered in preference to benazepril plus hydrochlorothiazide since it slows progression of nephropathy to a greater extent. 	 INTERPRETATION
Novartis. 	 FUNDING
Findings from previous studies of the effects of exercise training on patient-reported health status have been inconsistent. 	 CONTEXT
To test the effects of exercise training on health status among patients with heart failure. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PATIENTS Multicenter, randomized controlled trial among 2331 medically stable outpatients with heart failure with left ventricular ejection fraction of 35% or less. 	 OBJECTIVE
Patients were randomized from April 2003 through February 2007. 	 OBJECTIVE
Usual care plus aerobic exercise training (n = 1172), consisting of 36 supervised sessions followed by home-based training, vs usual care alone (n = 1159). 	 INTERVENTIONS
Randomization was stratified by heart failure etiology, which was a covariate in all models. 	 INTERVENTIONS
Kansas City Cardiomyopathy Questionnaire (KCCQ) overall summary scale and key subscales at baseline, every 3 months for 12 months, and annually thereafter for up to 4 years. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
The KCCQ is scored from 0 to 100 with higher scores corresponding to better health status. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Treatment group effects were estimated using linear mixed models according to the intention-to-treat principle. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Median follow-up was 2.5 years. 	 RESULTS
At 3 months, usual care plus exercise training led to greater improvement in the KCCQ overall summary score (mean, 5.21; 95% confidence interval, 4.42 to 6.00) compared with usual care alone (3.28; 95% confidence interval, 2.48 to 4.09). 	 RESULTS
The additional 1.93-point increase (95% confidence interval, 0.84 to 3.01) in the exercise training group was statistically significant (P < .001). 	 RESULTS
After 3 months, there were no further significant changes in KCCQ score for either group (P = .85 for the difference between slopes), resulting in a sustained, greater improvement overall for the exercise group (P < .001). 	 RESULTS
Results were similar on the KCCQ subscales, and no subgroup interactions were detected. 	 RESULTS
Exercise training conferred modest but statistically significant improvements in self-reported health status compared with usual care without training. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Improvements occurred early and persisted over time. 	 CONCLUSIONS
clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00047437. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
Our objective was to assess the cost implications of changing the intensive care unit staffing model from on-demand presence to mandatory 24-hr in-house critical care specialist presence. 	 OBJECTIVE
A pre-post comparison was undertaken among the prospectively assessed cohorts of patients admitted to our medical intensive care unit 1 yr before and 1 yr after the change. 	 DESIGN
Our data were stratified by Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation III quartile and whether a patient was admitted during the day or at night. 	 DESIGN
Costs were modeled using a generalized linear model with log-link and γ-distributed errors. 	 DESIGN
A large academic center in the Midwest. 	 SETTING
All patients admitted to the adult medical intensive care unit on or after January 1, 2005 and discharged on or before December 31, 2006. 	 PATIENTS
Patients receiving care under both staffing models were excluded. 	 PATIENTS
Changing the intensive care unit staffing model from on-demand presence to mandatory 24-hr in-house critical care specialist presence. 	 INTERVENTION
Total cost estimates of hospitalization were calculated for each patient starting from the day of intensive care unit admission to the day of hospital discharge. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
Adjusted mean total cost estimates were 61% lower in the post period relative to the pre period for patients admitted during night hours (7 pm to 7 am) who were in the highest Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Evaluation III quartile. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
No significant differences were seen at other severity levels. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
The unadjusted intensive care unit length of stay fell in the post period relative to the pre period (3.5 vs. 4.8) with no change in non-intensive care unit length of stay. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
We find that 24-hr intensive care unit intensivist staffing reduces lengths of stay and cost estimates for the sickest patients admitted at night. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The costs of introducing such a staffing model need to be weighed against the potential total savings generated for such patients in smaller intensive care units, especially ones that predominantly care for lower-acuity patients. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Exacerbations of COPD (ECOPD) remain a major cause of mortality and morbidity. 	 BACKGROUND
Despite advances in the understanding of their pathophysiology, their assessment relies primarily on clinical presentation, which can be variable and difficult to predict. 	 BACKGROUND
A large number of biomarkers already have been assessed in this context, and some appear to be promising. 	 BACKGROUND
An online search for articles published until December 2010 was conducted using three terms for ECOPD, five terms for biomarkers, and five terms for the sampling method. 	 METHODS
Biomarkers were evaluated for their potential role in the establishment and confirmation of the diagnosis of ECOPD, the evaluation of etiology and severity, the prediction of prognosis, and the guidance of treatment decisions. 	 METHODS
Several systemic biomarkers have been measured in the context of ECOPD, and most have been found to increase at ECOPD onset and to subside during the course of exacerbations. 	 RESULTS
Correlations have been reported among these biomarkers, but direct associations with clinical variables have been more difficult to establish. 	 RESULTS
Although there are several limitations yet to be addressed, some of the biomarkers, most notably C-reactive protein for the identification of an ECOPD and procalcitonin for antibiotic guidance, may provide clinically relevant information. 	 RESULTS
So far 	 CONCLUSIONS
, no single biomarker has been able to gain wide acceptance, but some provide clinically useful information. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The evaluation of such biomarkers in large decision-making studies is expected to become an area of intense investigation in the near future. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To review evidence on the association between restless legs syndrome (RLS) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), to discuss the hypothetical mechanisms underlying this association, and to consider the potential interest for common pharmacologic treatments of RLS and ADHD when co-occurring. 	 STUDY OBJECTIVE
A PubMed search. 	 METHOD
In clinical samples, up to 44% of subjects with ADHD have been found to have RLS or RLS symptoms, and up to 26% of subjects with RLS have been found to have ADHD or ADHD symptoms. 	 RESULTS
Several mechanisms may explain this association. 	 RESULTS
Sleep disruption associated with RLS might lead to inattentiveness, moodiness, and paradoxical overactivity. 	 RESULTS
Diurnal manifestations of RLS, such as restlessness and inattention, might mimic ADHD symptoms. 	 RESULTS
Alternatively, RLS might be comorbid with idiopathic ADHD. 	 RESULTS
Subjects with RLS and a subset of subjects with ADHD might share a common dopamine dysfunction. 	 RESULTS
Limited evidence suggests that some dopaminergic agents, such as levodopa/carbidopa, pergolide, and ropinirole, may be effective in children with RLS associated with ADHD symptoms. 	 RESULTS
Although still limited, evidence from clinical studies demonstrates an association between RLS and ADHD or ADHD symptoms. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Further clinical studies using standard criteria and procedures are needed to better estimate the degree of association. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Epidemiologic studies are required to assess the relationship between ADHD and RLS symptoms in nonclinical samples. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Further investigations should address the mechanisms underlying the relationship between RLS and ADHD. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Several dopaminergic agents seem to be promising treatment for RLS associated with ADHD symptoms. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To date, however, the absence of randomized and blinded controlled studies does not allow evidence-based recommendations. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Knowledge, attitudes, and risk perception in relation to second primary cancer (SPC) screening and their impact on screening practices in cancer survivors are largely unknown. 	 BACKGROUND
A total of 326 cancer survivors who had completed primary treatment for cancer >1 year previously were recruited from 6 oncology care outpatient clinics in the Republic of Korea. 	 METHODS
Survivors' knowledge, attitudes, perceived risk, and screening practices were assessed along with sociodemographic, behavioral, and clinical characteristics. 	 METHODS
Multivariate logistic regression was used to examine behavioral factors associated with the completion of all appropriate SPC screening according to national guidelines. 	 METHODS
Approximately 37.7% of survivors had undergone all appropriate SPC screening tests. 	 RESULTS
Survivors were found to have a high perceived risk of SPC, high perceived benefits of screening, and positive attitudes toward cancer screening. 	 RESULTS
However, they had limited knowledge regarding SPC screening tests and few had received a recommendation from a physician to undergo SPC screening. 	 RESULTS
Although there was no association found between perceived risk and positive attitudes with screening behavior, higher knowledge was noted to be significantly associated with the completion of all appropriate SPC screening (adjusted odds ratio, 1.81; 95% confidence interval, 1.03-3.33). 	 RESULTS
In the current study, cancer survivors were found to have limited knowledge regarding second cancer screening tests, which may have resulted in lower rates of completion of screening practices in this population. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The prevalence of Alzheimer disease (AD) is increasing in the elderly, and vascular risk factors may increase its risk. 	 BACKGROUND
To explore the association of the aggregation of vascular risk factors with AD. 	 OBJECTIVE
The authors followed 1,138 individuals without dementia at baseline (mean age 76.2) for a mean of 5.5 years. 	 METHODS
The presence of vascular risk factors was related to incident possible and probable AD. 	 METHODS
Four risk factors (diabetes, hypertension, heart disease, and current smoking) were associated with a higher risk of AD (p < 0.10) when analyzed individually. 	 RESULTS
The risk of AD increased with the number of risk factors (diabetes + hypertension + heart disease + current smoking). 	 RESULTS
The adjusted hazards ratio of probable AD for the presence of three or more risk factors was 3.4 (95% CI: 1.8, 6.3; p for trend < 0.0001) compared with no risk factors. 	 RESULTS
Diabetes and current smoking were the strongest risk factors in isolation or in clusters, but hypertension and heart disease were also related to a higher risk of AD when clustered with diabetes, smoking, or each other. 	 RESULTS
The risk of Alzheimer disease (AD) increased with the number of vascular risk factors. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Diabetes and current smoking were the strongest risk factors, but clusters including hypertension and heart disease also increased the risk of AD. 	 CONCLUSIONS
These associations are unlikely to be explained by misclassification of the outcome, given strong associations when only probable AD is considered. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Paraquat is an effective and widely used herbicide but is also a lethal poison. 	 BACKGROUND
In many developing countries paraquat is widely available and inexpensive, making poisoning prevention difficult. 	 BACKGROUND
However most of the people who become poisoned from paraquat have taken it as a means of suicide. 	 BACKGROUND
Standard treatment for paraquat poisoning both prevents further absorption and reduces the load of paraquat in the blood through haemoperfusion or haemodialysis. 	 BACKGROUND
The effectiveness of standard treatments is extremely limited. 	 BACKGROUND
The immune system plays an important role in exacerbating paraquat-induced lung fibrosis. 	 BACKGROUND
Immunosuppressive treatment using glucocorticoid and cyclophosphamide in combination is being developed and studied. 	 BACKGROUND
To assess the effects of glucocorticoid with cyclophosphamide on mortality in patients with paraquat-induced lung fibrosis. 	 OBJECTIVES
To identify randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on this topic, we searched the Cochrane Injuries Group's Specialised Register (searched 1 February 2012), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (The Cochrane Library 2012, Issue 1), MEDLINE (Ovid SP) (1946 January Week 3 2012), EMBASE (Ovid SP) (1947 to Week 4 2012), ISI Web of Science: Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-EXPANDED) (1970 to January 2012), ISI Web of Science: Conference Proceedings Citation Index - Science (CPCI-S) (1990 to January 2012), Chinese Biomedical Literature and Retrieval System (CBM) (1978 to April 2012), Chinese Medical Current Contents (CMCC) (1995 to April 2012), and Chinese Medical Academic Conference (CMAC) (1994 to April 2012). 	 SEARCH METHODS
Searches were completed on English language databases on 1 February 2012 and on Chinese language databases on 12 April 2012. 	 SEARCH METHODS
RCTs were included in this review. 	 SELECTION CRITERIA
All patients were to receive standard care, plus the intervention or control. 	 SELECTION CRITERIA
The intervention was glucocorticoid with cyclophosphamide in combination versus a control of a placebo, standard care alone or any other therapy in addition to standard care. 	 SELECTION CRITERIA
The mortality risk ratio (RR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) was calculated for each study on an intention-to-treat basis. 	 DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS
Data for all-cause mortality at final follow-up were summarised in a meta-analysis using a fixed-effect model. 	 DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS
This systematic review includes three trials with a combined total of 164 participants who had moderate to severe paraquat poisoning. 	 MAIN RESULTS
Patients who received glucocorticoid with cyclophosphamide in addition to standard care had a lower risk of death at final follow-up than those receiving standard care only (RR 0.72; 95% CI 0.59 to 0.89). 	 MAIN RESULTS
AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS Based on the findings of three small RCTs of moderate to severely poisoned patients, glucocorticoid with cyclophosphamide in addition to standard care may be a beneficial treatment for patients with paraquat-induced lung fibrosis. 	 MAIN RESULTS
To enable further study of the effects of glucocorticoid with cyclophosphamide for patients with moderate to severe paraquat poisoning, hospitals may provide this treatment as part of an RCT with allocation concealment. 	 MAIN RESULTS
Hydroxyethyl starches (HES) are synthetic colloids commonly used for fluid resuscitation, yet controversy exists about their impact on kidney function. 	 BACKGROUND
To examine the effects of HES on kidney function compared to other fluid resuscitation therapies in different patient populations. 	 OBJECTIVES
We searched the Cochrane Renal Group's specialised register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL, in The Cochrane Library), MEDLINE, EMBASE, MetaRegister and reference lists of articles. 	 SEARCH STRATEGY
Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi-RCTs in which HES was compared to an alternate fluid therapy for the prevention or treatment of effective intravascular volume depletion. 	 SELECTION CRITERIA
Primary outcomes were renal replacement therapy (RRT), author-defined kidney failure and acute kidney injury (AKI) as defined by the RIFLE criteria. 	 SELECTION CRITERIA
Secondary outcomes included serum creatinine and creatinine clearance. 	 SELECTION CRITERIA
Screening, selection, data extraction and quality assessments for each retrieved article were carried out by two authors using standardised forms. 	 DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS
Authors were contacted when published data were incomplete. 	 DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS
Preplanned sensitivity and subgroup analyses were performed after data were analysed with a random effects model. 	 DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS
The review included 34 studies (2607 patients). 	 MAIN RESULTS
Overall, the RR of author-defined kidney failure was 1.50 (95% CI 1.20 to 1.87; n = 1199) and 1.38 for requiring RRT (95% CI 0.89 to 2.16; n = 1236) in HES treated individuals compared with other fluid therapies. 	 MAIN RESULTS
Subgroup analyses suggested increased risk in septic patients compared to non-septic (surgical/trauma) patients. 	 MAIN RESULTS
Non-septic patient studies were smaller and had lower event rates, so subgroup differences may have been due to lack of statistical power in these studies. 	 MAIN RESULTS
Only limited data was obtained for analysis of kidney outcomes by the RIFLE criteria. 	 MAIN RESULTS
Overall, methodological quality of studies was good but subjective outcomes were potentially biased because most studies were unblinded. 	 MAIN RESULTS
AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS Potential for increased risk of AKI should be considered when weighing the risks and benefits of HES for volume resuscitation, particularly in septic patients. 	 MAIN RESULTS
Large studies with adequate follow-up are required to evaluate the renal safety of HES products in non-septic patient populations. 	 MAIN RESULTS
criteria should be applied to evaluate kidney function in future studies of HES and, where data is available, to re-analyse those studies already published. 	 RIFLE
There is inadequate clinical data to address the claim that safety differences exist between different HES products. 	 RIFLE
To detect clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats (CRISPR) in Shigella, and to analyze its relationship to drug resistance. 	 OBJECTIVE
Four pairs of primers were used for the detection of convincing CRISPR structures CRISPR-S2 and CRISPR-S4, questionable CRISPR structures CRISPR-S1 and CRISPR-S3 in 60 Shigella strains. 	 METHODS
All primers were designed using sequences in CRISPR database. 	 METHODS
and susceptibilities of Shigella strains were tested by agar diffusion method. 	 CRISPR
Furthermore, we analyzed the relationship between drug resistance and CRISPR-S4. 	 CRISPR
The positive rate of convincing CRISPR structures was 95%. 	 RESULTS
The four CRISPR loci formed 12 spectral patterns (A-L), all of which contained convincing CRISPR structures except type K. We found one new repeat and 12 new spacers. 	 RESULTS
The multi-drug resistance rate was 53. 	 RESULTS
33% . 	 RESULTS
We found no significant difference between CRISPR-S4 and drug resistant. 	 RESULTS
However, the repeat sequence of CRISPR-S4 in multi- or TE-resistance strains was mainly R4.1 with AC deletions in the 3' end, and the spacer sequences of CRISPR-S4 in multi-drug resistance strains were mainly Sp5.1, Sp6.1 and Sp7. 	 RESULTS
was common in Shigella. 	 CONCLUSION CRISPR
Variations df repeat sequences and diversities of spacer sequences might be related to drug resistance in Shigella. 	 CONCLUSION CRISPR
Glioblastoma, the most common primary brain tumor in adults, is usually rapidly fatal. 	 BACKGROUND
The current standard of care for newly diagnosed glioblastoma is surgical resection to the extent feasible, followed by adjuvant radiotherapy. 	 BACKGROUND
In this trial we compared radiotherapy alone with radiotherapy plus temozolomide, given concomitantly with and after radiotherapy, in terms of efficacy and safety. 	 BACKGROUND
Patients with newly diagnosed, histologically confirmed glioblastoma were randomly assigned to receive radiotherapy alone (fractionated focal irradiation in daily fractions of 2 Gy given 5 days per week for 6 weeks, for a total of 60 Gy) or radiotherapy plus continuous daily temozolomide (75 mg per square meter of body-surface area per day, 7 days per week from the first to the last day of radiotherapy), followed by six cycles of adjuvant temozolomide (150 to 200 mg per square meter for 5 days during each 28-day cycle). 	 METHODS
The primary end point was overall survival. 	 METHODS
A total of 573 patients from 85 centers underwent randomization. 	 RESULTS
The median age was 56 years, and 84 percent of patients had undergone debulking surgery. 	 RESULTS
At a median follow-up of 28 months, the median survival was 14.6 months with radiotherapy plus temozolomide and 12.1 months with radiotherapy alone. 	 RESULTS
The unadjusted hazard ratio for death in the radiotherapy-plus-temozolomide group was 0.63 (95 percent confidence interval, 0.52 to 0.75; P<0.001 by the log-rank test). 	 RESULTS
The two-year survival rate was 26.5 percent with radiotherapy plus temozolomide and 10.4 percent with radiotherapy alone. 	 RESULTS
Concomitant treatment with radiotherapy plus temozolomide resulted in grade 3 or 4 hematologic toxic effects in 7 percent of patients. 	 RESULTS
The addition of temozolomide to radiotherapy for newly diagnosed glioblastoma resulted in a clinically meaningful and statistically significant survival benefit with minimal additional toxicity. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To evaluate the evidence on possible drug interactions between antibiotics and oral contraceptives (OCs) that may lead to OC failure. 	 OBJECTIVE
and Lexis/Nexis Medical Library searches for 1966-1999 using the key word "oral contraceptives," cross-indexed with the terms "antibiotics," "adverse effects," and "pregnancy," and MEDLINE search using the additional MeSH term "drug interactions. 	 DATA SOURCES MEDLINE
" 	 DATA SOURCES MEDLINE
No language restrictions were used. 	 DATA SOURCES MEDLINE
OF STUDY SELECTION A total of 167 articles were retrieved for analysis. 	 METHODS
Another 32 articles were identified by review of the references cited in these publications. 	 METHODS
Articles were selected based on their ability to provide information on the relationship between antibiotic therapy and OC efficacy in otherwise compliant users (defined as women with unplanned pregnancies who reported compliance with their OC regimen). 	 METHODS
Additionally, studies that either directly measured the effects of antibiotics on the pharmacokinetics of OC components, or that analyzed the effects of antibiotics on measures of ovulation in OC users were accepted. 	 METHODS
TABULATION, INTEGRATION, AND RESULTS At least 30 cases have been reported of pregnancies occurring in women taking OCs and antibiotics, particularly rifampin. 	 METHODS
Approximately 20% of pregnant women reporting to family planning or abortion clinics reported concomitant OC and antibiotic use. 	 METHODS
Information from adverse event reporting databases generally mirrors the types of information gleaned from these case reports and clinical surveys and accounts for approximately one-third of reported cases. 	 METHODS
Retrospective surveys, primarily from dermatology-based practices, also have reported 24 pregnancies in OC users who concomitantly received therapy with antibiotics, most commonly tetracyclines and penicillins. 	 METHODS
Apparent OC failure rates in clinical surveys were within the usual range expected for patterns of typical use. 	 METHODS
In pooled results obtained from relatively small populations, oral antibiotics, with the exception of rifampin, have not significantly affected the pharmacokinetics of ethinyl estradiol, levonorgestrel, and norethindrone or reduced the serum concentrations of gonadotropins. 	 METHODS
However, individual patients have been identified who experienced significant decreases in the plasma concentration of these components of OCs and who appeared to ovulate. 	 METHODS
Rifampin impairs the effectiveness of OCs. 	 CONCLUSION
Pharmacokinetic studies of other antibiotics have not shown any systematic interaction between antibiotics and OC steroids. 	 CONCLUSION
However, individual patients do show large decreases in the plasma concentrations of ethinyl estradiol when they take certain other antibiotics, notably tetracycline and penicillin derivatives. 	 CONCLUSION
Because it is not possible to identify these women in advance, a cautious approach is advised. 	 CONCLUSION
To evaluate the effect of KRAS and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) genotype on the response to erlotinib treatment in the BR.21, placebo-controlled trial. 	 PURPOSE
We analyzed 206 tumors for KRAS mutation, 204 tumors for EGFR mutation, and 159 tumors for EGFR gene copy by fluorescent in situ hybridization (FISH). 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
We reanalyzed EGFR deletion/mutation using two highly sensitive techniques that detect abnormalities in samples with 5% to 10% tumor cellularity. 	 PATIENTS AND METHODS
mutation was analyzed by direct sequencing. 	 KRAS
Thirty patients (15%) had KRAS mutations, 34 (17%) had EGFR exon 19 deletion or exon 21 L858R mutations, and 61 (38%) had high EGFR gene copy (FISH positive). 	 RESULTS
Response rates were 10% for wild-type and 5% for mutant KRAS (P = .69), 7% for wild-type and 27% for mutant EGFR (P = .03), and 5% for EGFR FISH-negative and 21% for FISH-positive patients (P = .02). 	 RESULTS
Significant survival benefit from erlotinib therapy was observed for patients with wild-type KRAS (hazard ratio [HR] = 0.69, P = .03) and EGFR FISH positivity (HR = 0.43, P = .004) but not for patients with mutant KRAS (HR = 1.67, P = .31), wild-type EGFR (HR = 0.74, P = .09), mutant EGFR (HR = 0.55, P = .12), and EGFR FISH negativity (HR = 0.80, P = .35). 	 RESULTS
In multivariate analysis, only EGFR FISH-positive status was prognostic for poorer survival (P = .025) and predictive of differential survival benefit from erlotinib (P = .005). 	 RESULTS
mutations and high copy number are predictive of response to erlotinib. 	 CONCLUSION EGFR
is the strongest prognostic marker and a significant predictive marker of differential survival benefit from erlotinib. 	 EGFR FISH
Our aim was to provide a quantitative assessment of the exposure-response relationships between work-related physical and psychosocial factors and the occurrence of specific shoulder disorders in occupational populations. 	 OBJECTIVE
A systematic review of the literature was conducted on the associations between type of work, physical load factors, and psychosocial aspects at work, on the one hand, and the occurrence of tendinitis of the biceps tendon, rotator cuff tears, subacromial impingement syndrome (SIS), and suprascapular nerve compression, on the other hand. 	 METHODS
Associations between work factors and shoulder disorders were expressed in quantitative measures as odds ratio (OR) or relative risk (RR). 	 METHODS
The occurrence of SIS was associated with force requirements >10% maximal voluntary contraction (MVC), lifting >20 kg >10 times/day, and high-level of hand force >1 hour/day (OR 2.8-4.2). 	 RESULTS
Repetitive movements of the shoulder, repetitive motion of the hand/wrist >2 hours/day, hand-arm vibration, and working with hand above shoulder level showed an association with SIS (OR 1.04-4.7) as did upper-arm flexion > or =45 degrees > or =15% of time (OR 2.43) and duty cycle of forceful exertions > or =9% time or duty cycle of forceful pinch >0% of time (OR 2.66). 	 RESULTS
High psychosocial job demand was also associated with SIS (OR 1.5-3.19). 	 RESULTS
Jobs in the fish processing industry had the highest risk for both tendinitis of the biceps tendon as well as SIS (OR 2.28 and 3.38, respectively). 	 RESULTS
Work in a slaughterhouse and as a betel pepper leaf culler were associated with the occurrence of SIS only (OR 5.27 and 4.68, respectively). 	 RESULTS
None of the included articles described the association between job title/risk factors and the occurrence of rotator cuff tears or suprascapular nerve compression. 	 RESULTS
Highly repetitive work, forceful exertion in work, awkward postures, and high psychosocial job demand are associated with the occurrence of SIS. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Anti-müllerian hormone (AMH) is an ovarian reserve marker that is increasingly applied in clinical practice as a prognostic and diagnostic tool. 	 CONTEXT
Despite increased use of AMH in clinical practice, large-scale studies addressing the influence of possible determinants on AMH levels are scarce. 	 CONTEXT
We aimed to address the role of reproductive and lifestyle determinants of AMH in a large population-based cohort of women. 	 OBJECTIVE
In this cross-sectional study, age-specific AMH percentiles were calculated using general linear modeling with CG-LMS (Cole and Green, Lambda, Mu, and Sigma model, an established method to calculate growth curves for children). 	 DESIGN
Women from the general community participating in the Doetinchem Cohort study were assessed. 	 SETTING
Two thousand three hundred twenty premenopausal women were included. 	 PARTICIPANTS
The effect of female reproductive and lifestyle factors on shifts in age-specific AMH percentiles was studied. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE
In comparison to women with a regular menstrual cycle, current oral contraceptive (OC) users, women with menstrual cycle irregularity, and pregnant women had significantly lower age-specific AMH percentiles (for OC use, 11 percentiles lower; for cycle irregularity, 11 percentiles lower; and for pregnancy, 17 percentiles lower [P value for all <.0001]). 	 RESULTS
Age at menarche and age at first childbirth were not associated with the age-specific AMH percentile. 	 RESULTS
Higher parity was associated with 2 percentiles higher age-specific AMH (P = .02). 	 RESULTS
Of the lifestyle factors investigated, current smoking was associated with 4 percentiles lower age-specific AMH percentiles (P = .02), irrespective of the smoking dose. 	 RESULTS
Body mass index, waist circumference, alcohol consumption, physical exercise, and socioeconomic status were not significantly associated with age-specific AMH percentiles. 	 RESULTS
This study demonstrates that several reproductive and lifestyle factors are associated with age-specific AMH levels. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The lower AMH levels associated with OC use and smoking seem reversible, as effects were confined to current use of OC or cigarettes. 	 CONCLUSIONS
It is important to give careful consideration to the effect of such determinants when interpreting AMH in a clinical setting and basing patient management on AMH. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This study examined the prevalence, correlates, and negative consequences of unmet need for personal assistance with activities of daily living (ADLs) among older adults. 	 PURPOSE
The authors analyzed cross-sectional data from the 1994 National Health Interview Survey's Supplement on Aging. 	 DESIGN AND METHODS
Data were weighted to be representative of the noninstitutionalized population aged 70 years and older. 	 DESIGN AND METHODS
Overall, 20.7% of those needing help to perform 1 or more ADLs (an estimated 629,000 persons) reported receiving inadequate assistance; for individual ADLs, the prevalence of unmet need ranged from 10.2% (eating) to 20.1% (transferring). 	 RESULTS
The likelihood of having 1 or more unmet needs was associated with lower household income, multiple ADL difficulties, and living alone. 	 RESULTS
Nearly half of those with unmet needs reported experiencing a negative consequence (e.g., unable to eat when hungry) as a result of their unmet need. 	 RESULTS
Greater, targeted efforts are needed to reduce the prevalence and consequences of unmet need for ADL assistance in elderly persons. 	 IMPLICATIONS
Malaria is considered as the main differential diagnosis of acute febrile illness in the tropics, and alteration of various hematological parameters has been observed in patients with malaria. 	 BACKGROUND
To ascertain if certain hematological parameters increase the probability of malaria in patients with acute febrile illnesses. 	 AIM
Hospital based, prospective cohort study. 	 SETTINGS AND DESIGN
All consecutive in patients with fever of less than seven days in duration were included in the study. 	 METHODS AND MATERIAL
Patients where localizing cause for fever could be determined were excluded. 	 METHODS AND MATERIAL
Hematological parameters (Hemoglobin, Red cell distribution width (RDW), Leukocyte count, and platelet counts) were determined by using automated counter, and peripheral smear examination for malarial parasite was taken as gold standard for the diagnosis of malaria. 	 METHODS AND MATERIAL
Diagnostic accuracy was measured by computing sensitivity, specificity, predictive values and likelihood ratios. 	 STATISTICAL ANALYSIS USED
The precision of these estimates was evaluated using 95% confidence intervals. 	 STATISTICAL ANALYSIS USED
A total of 184 patients were included in the study and 70 (38%) had a positive peripheral smear for malarial parasite. 	 RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS
Thrombocytopenia alone (platelet countless than 150,000/mm3) was a predictor for malaria (Sn 60%, Sp 88%, LR+ 5.04) and in combination with anemia (Hb < 10 g/dl) it was next best parameter (Sn 69%, Sp 74%, LR+ 2.77). 	 RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS
and leukocyte count were not predictive. 	 RDW
The conclusion of this study is that the presence of thrombocytopenia in a patient with acute febrile illness increases the probability of malarial infection. 	 RDW
Exposure to particulate air pollution has been related to increased hospitalization and death, particularly from cardiovascular disease. 	 RATIONALE
Lower blood DNA methylation content is found in processes related to cardiovascular outcomes, such as oxidative stress, aging, and atherosclerosis. 	 RATIONALE
We evaluated whether particulate pollution modifies DNA methylation in heavily methylated sequences with high representation throughout the human genome. 	 OBJECTIVES
We measured DNA methylation of long interspersed nucleotide element (LINE)-1 and Alu repetitive elements by quantitative polymerase chain reaction-pyrosequencing of 1,097 blood samples from 718 elderly participants in the Boston area Normative Aging Study. 	 METHODS
We used covariate-adjusted mixed models to account for within-subject correlation in repeated measures. 	 METHODS
We estimated the effects on DNA methylation of ambient particulate pollutants (black carbon, particulate matter with aerodynamic diameter < or = 2.5 microm [PM2.5], or sulfate) in multiple time windows (4 h to 7 d) before the examination. 	 METHODS
We estimated standardized regression coefficients (beta) expressing the fraction of a standard deviation change in DNA methylation associated with a standard deviation increase in exposure. 	 METHODS
Repetitive element DNA methylation varied in association with time-related variables, such as day of the week and season. 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
LINE-1 methylation decreased after recent exposure to higher black carbon (beta = -0.11; 95% confidence interval [CI], -0.18 to -0.04; P = 0.002) and PM2.5 (beta = -0.13; 95% CI, -0.19 to -0.06; P < 0.001 for the 7-d moving average). 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
In two-pollutant models, only black carbon, a tracer of traffic particles, was significantly associated with LINE-1 methylation (beta = -0.09; 95% CI, -0.17 to -0.01; P = 0.03). 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
No association was found with Alu methylation (P > 0.12). 	 MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS
We found decreased repeated-element methylation after exposure to traffic particles. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Whether decreased methylation mediates exposure-related health effects remains to be determined. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To assess incidence and preventability of adverse drug events (ADEs) and potential ADEs. 	 OBJECTIVES
To analyze preventable events to develop prevention strategies. 	 OBJECTIVES
Prospective cohort study. 	 DESIGN
All 4031 adult admissions to a stratified random sample of 11 medical and surgical units in two tertiary care hospitals over a 6-month period. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Units included two medical and three surgical intensive care units and four medical and two surgical general care units. 	 PARTICIPANTS
Adverse drug events and potential ADEs. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Incidents were detected by stimulated self-report by nurses and pharmacists and by daily review of all charts by nurse investigators. 	 METHODS
Incidents were subsequently classified by two independent reviewers as to whether they represented ADEs or potential ADEs and as to severity and preventability. 	 METHODS
Over 6 months, 247 ADEs and 194 potential ADEs were identified. 	 RESULTS
Extrapolated event rates were 6.5 ADEs and 5.5 potential ADEs per 100 nonobstetrical admissions, for mean numbers per hospital per year of approximately 1900 ADEs and 1600 potential ADEs. 	 RESULTS
Of all ADEs, 1% were fatal (none preventable), 12% life-threatening, 30% serious, and 57% significant. 	 RESULTS
Twenty-eight percent were judged preventable. 	 RESULTS
Of the life-threatening and serious ADEs, 42% were preventable, compared with 18% of significant ADEs. 	 RESULTS
Errors resulting in preventable ADEs occurred most often at the stages of ordering (56%) and administration (34%); transcription (6%) and dispensing errors (4%) were less common. 	 RESULTS
Errors were much more likely to be intercepted if the error occurred earlier in the process: 48% at the ordering stage vs 0% at the administration stage. 	 RESULTS
Adverse drug events were common and often preventable; serious ADEs were more likely to be preventable. 	 CONCLUSION
Most resulted from errors at the ordering stage, but many also occurred at the administration stage. 	 CONCLUSION
Prevention strategies should target both stages of the drug delivery process. 	 CONCLUSION
Elevated plasma total homocysteine is a major risk for coronary artery disease (CAD). 	 INTRODUCTION
Methyltetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) is a main regulatory enzyme in homocysteine metabolism; a common C677T mutation in the MTHFR gene results in decreased enzyme activity, and contributes to increased homocysteine levels and decreased folate levels. 	 INTRODUCTION
We investigated the frequency of MTHFR C677T alleles in a Korean population, determined the genotype-specific threshold levels of folate or vitamin B12, and investigated the relationship between the TT genotype and the risk of CAD. 	 INTRODUCTION
We enrolled a study population of 163 CAD patients and 50 control subjects, and screened the MTHFR C677T polymorphism using real-time PCR with melting point analysis. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
Levels of plasma homocysteine, folate and vitamin B12 were also determined. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
We then defined the genotype-specific threshold values of folate and vitamin B12 required to keep homocysteine levels in a normal range for individuals of each MTHFR C677T genotype. 	 MATERIALS AND METHODS
The frequency of the TT genotype was 18% in control subjects and 26% in patients group (P>0.05). 	 RESULTS
Individuals homozygous for the TT genotype had significantly elevated homocysteine levels (P<0.05). 	 RESULTS
The genotype-specific folate threshold level was significantly higher in TT individuals than in the CC or CT genotypes. 	 RESULTS
The OR of individuals with low folate status and the TT genotype to estimate the relative risk of CAD was 2.2 and the OR of those with high folate status and the TT genotype was 1.5 (95% CI, 0.5-9.6 and 0.7-3.2, respectively). 	 RESULTS
We were able to define a gene-nutrient interaction that shows a higher risk for CAD based on specific threshold folate levels required by different MTHFR C677T genotypes in a Korean population. 	 CONCLUSION
To determine the optimal bone marrow (BM) cell types, and their potential mechanisms of action for neovascularization in chronic ischaemic myocardium. 	 OBJECTIVE
The functional effects, angiogenic potential and cytokine expression of direct intramyocardial implantation of autologous BM CD31-positive endothelial progenitor cells (EPC, n=9), BM mononuclear cells (MNCs, n=9), and saline (n=9) were compared in a swine model of chronic ischaemic myocardium. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Autologous BM cells were harvested and catheter-based electromechanical mapping-guided direct intramyocardial injection was performed to target ischaemic myocardium. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
After 12 weeks, injection of BM-MNC resulted in significant improvements in left ventricular dP/dt (+21+/-8%, P=0.032), left ventricular pressure (+17+/-4%, P=0.048) and regional microsphere myocardial perfusion over ischaemic endocardium (+74+/-28%, P<0.05) and epicardium (+73+/-29%, P<0.05). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
No significant effects were observed following injection of BM-EPC or saline. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Capillary density (1132+/-69 versus 903+/-44 per mm(2), P=0.047) and expression of mRNA of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF, 32.3+/-5.6 versus 13.1+/-3.7, P<0.05,) and angiopoietin-2 (23.9+/-3.6 versus 13.7+/-3.1, P<0.05) in ischaemic myocardium was significantly greater in the BM-MNC group than the saline group. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
The capillary density in ischaemic myocardium demonstrated a significant positive correlation with VEGF expression (r=0.61, P<0.001). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Catheter-based direct intramyocardial injection of BM-MNC enhanced angiogenesis more effectively than BM-EPC or saline, possibly via a paracrine effect, with increased expression of VEGF that subsequently improved cardiac performance of ischaemic myocardium. 	 CONCLUSION
Alkaline sphingomyelinase, an enzyme found exclusively in bile and the intestinal brush border, hydrolyzes sphingomyelin into ceramide, sphingosine and sphingosine-1-phosphate, thereby inducing epithelial apoptosis. 	 BACKGROUND
Reduced levels of alkaline sphingomyelinase have been found in premalignant and malignant intestinal epithelia and in ulcerative colitis tissue. 	 BACKGROUND
Probiotic bacteria can be a source of sphingomyelinase. 	 BACKGROUND
To determine the effect of VSL#3 probiotic therapy on mucosal levels of alkaline sphingomyelinase, both in a mouse model of colitis and in patients with ulcerative colitis. 	 OBJECTIVE
Interleukin-10 gene-deficient (IL10KO) and wild type control mice were treated with VSL#3 (10(9) colony-forming units per day) for three weeks, after which alkaline sphingomyelinase activity was measured in ileal and colonic tissue. 	 METHODS
As well, 15 patients with ulcerative colitis were treated with VSL#3 (900 billion bacteria two times per day for five weeks). 	 METHODS
Alkaline sphingomyelinase activity was measured through biopsies and comparison of ulcerative colitis disease activity index scores obtained before and after treatment. 	 METHODS
Lowered alkaline sphingomyelinase levels were seen in the colon (P=0.02) and ileum (P=0.04) of IL10KO mice, as compared with controls. 	 RESULTS
Treatment of these mice with VSL#3 resulted in upregulation of mucosal alkaline sphingomyelinase activity in both the colon (P=0.04) and the ileum (P=0.01). 	 RESULTS
VSL#3 treatment of human patients who had ulcerative colitis decreased mean (+/- 	 RESULTS
SEM) ulcerative colitis disease activity index scores from 5.3+/-1.8946 to 0.70+/-0.34 (P=0.02) and increased mucosal alkaline sphingomyelinase activity. 	 RESULTS
Mucosal alkaline sphingomyelinase activity is reduced in the intestine of IL10KO mice with colitis and in humans with ulcerative colitis. 	 CONCLUSION
VSL#3 probiotic therapy upregulates mucosal alkaline sphingomyelinase activity. 	 CONCLUSION
Adverse effects of metformin are primarily related to gastrointestinal (GI) intolerance that could limit titration to an efficacious dose or cause discontinuation of the medication. 	 BACKGROUND
Because some metformin side effects may be attributable to shifts in the GI microbiome, we tested whether a GI microbiome modulator (GIMM) used in combination with metformin would ameliorate the GI symptoms. 	 BACKGROUND
A 2-period crossover study design was used with 2 treatment sequences, either placebo in period 1 followed by GIMM in period 2 or vice versa. 	 METHODS
Study periods lasted for 2 weeks, with a 2-week washout period between. 	 METHODS
During the first week, type 2 diabetes patients (T2D) who experienced metformin GI intolerance took 500 mg metformin along with their assigned NM504 (GIMM) or placebo treatment with breakfast and with dinner. 	 METHODS
In the second week, the 10 subjects took 500 mg metformin (t.i.d.), with GIMM or placebo consumed with the first and third daily metformin doses. 	 METHODS
Subjects were permitted to discontinue metformin dosing if it became intolerable. 	 METHODS
The combination of metformin and GIMM treatment produced a significantly better tolerance score to metformin than the placebo combination (6.78 ± 0.65 [mean ± SEM] versus 4.45 ± 0.69, P = .0006). 	 RESULTS
Mean fasting glucose levels were significantly (P < .02) lower with the metformin-GIMM combination (121.3 ± 7.8 mg/dl) than with metformin-placebo (151.9 ± 7.8 mg/dl). 	 RESULTS
Combining a GI microbiome modulator with metformin might allow the greater use of metformin in T2D patients and improve treatment of the disease. 	 CONCLUSION
The objective was to quantify the health-related quality of life (HRQL) of children treated for acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) and identify specific disabilities for remediation. 	 BACKGROUND
Two types of subjects were included: ALL patients 5 plus years old in a multi-center clinical trial and general population control groups. 	 PROCEDURE
Patients were assessed during all four major phases of active treatment and approximately 2 years after treatment. 	 PROCEDURE
Health status and HRQL were measured using HEALTH UTILITIES INDEX® (HUI®) Mark 2 (HUI2) and Mark 3 (HUI3). 	 PROCEDURE
scores were used to calculate quality-adjusted life years (QALYs). 	 HRQL
Excess disability rates identified attributes for remediation. 	 HRQL
assessments (n = 749) were collected during the five phases. 	 RESULTS HUI
Mean HRQL increased from induction through the post-treatment phase (P < 0.001). 	 RESULTS HUI
There were no significant demographic or treatment effects on HRQL, except for type of asparaginase during continuation therapy (P = 0.005 for HUI2 and P = 0.007 for HUI3). 	 RESULTS HUI
Differences in mean HRQL scores between patients and controls were important (P < 0.001) during the active treatment phases but not during the post-treatment phase. 	 RESULTS HUI
Relative to controls, patients lost approximately 0.2 QALYs during active treatment. 	 RESULTS HUI
Disability was evident in mobility/ambulation, emotion, self-care and pain, and declined over time. 	 RESULTS HUI
Patients with ALL experienced important but declining deficits in HRQL during active treatment phases: Equivalent to losing approximately 2 months of life in perfect health. 	 CONCLUSIONS
within the 2-years post-treatment phase was similar to controls. 	 HRQL
The policy challenge is to develop new treatment protocols producing fewer disabilities in mobility/ambulation, emotion, self-care, and pain without compromising survival. 	 HRQL
The present study aims to investigate the interaction between nitric oxide (NO) and hydrogen sulfide (H(2)S), the two important gaseous mediators in rat hearts. 	 AIMS
Intracellular calcium in isolated cardiomyocytes was measured with a spectrofluorometric method using Fura-2. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Myocyte contractility was measured with a video edge system. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
NaHS (50 µM, an H(2)S donor) had no significant effect on the resting calcium level, electrically induced (EI) calcium transients, and cell contractility in ventricular myocytes. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Stimulating endogenous NO production with l-arginine or exogenous application of NO donors [sodium nitroprusside (SNP) and 2-(N,N-diethylamino)-diazenolate-2-oxide] decreased myocyte twitch amplitudes accompanied by slower velocities of both cell contraction and relaxation. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Surprisingly, NaHS reversed the negative inotropic and lusitropic effects of the above three NO-increasing agents. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
In addition, the mixture of SNP + NaHS increased, whereas SNP alone decreased, the resting calcium level and the amplitudes of EI calcium transients. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Angeli's salt, a nitroxyl anion (HNO) donor, mimicked the effect of SNP + NaHS on calcium handling and myocyte contractility. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Three thiols, N-acetyl-cysteine, l-cysteine, and glutathione, abolished the effects of HNO and SNP + NaHS on myocyte contraction. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Neither Rp-cAMP [a protein kinase A (PKA) inhibitor] nor Rp-cGMP [a protein kinase G (PKG) inhibitor] affected the effects of SNP + NaHS, suggesting a cAMP/PKA- or cGMP/PKG-independent mechanism. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
H(2)S may interact with NO to form a thiol sensitive molecule (probably HNO) which produces positive inotropic and lusitropic effects. 	 CONCLUSION
Our findings may shed light on the interaction of NO and H(2)S and provide new clues to treat cardiovascular diseases. 	 CONCLUSION
To investigate the antimicrobial property of mangrove plant Sonneratia alba (S. alba). 	 OBJECTIVE
The antimicrobial activity was evaluated using disc diffusion and microdilution methods against six microorganisms. 	 METHODS
Soxhlet apparatus was used for extraction with a series of solvents, n-hexane, ethyl acetate and methanol in sequence of increasing polarity. 	 METHODS
Methanol extract appeared to be the most effective extract while n-hexane extract showed no activity. 	 RESULTS
The antimicrobial activities were observed against the gram positive bacteria Staphylococcus aureus (S. aureus) and Bacillus cereus (B. cereus), the gram negative Escherichia coli (E. coli) and the yeast Cryptococcus neoformans. 	 RESULTS
Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Candida albicans appeared to be not sensitive to the concentrations tested since no inhibition zone was observed. 	 RESULTS
E. coli (17.5 mm) appeared to be the most sensitive strain followed by S. aureus (12.5 mm) and B. cereus (12.5 mm). 	 RESULTS
From this study, it can be concluded that S. alba exhibits antimicrobial activities against certain microorganisms. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Use of aspirin and other nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) is associated with lower risk of colorectal cancer. 	 IMPORTANCE
To identify common genetic markers that may confer differential benefit from aspirin or NSAID chemoprevention, we tested gene × environment interactions between regular use of aspirin and/or NSAIDs and single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in relation to risk of colorectal cancer. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Case-control study using data from 5 case-control and 5 cohort studies initiated between 1976 and 2003 across the United States, Canada, Australia, and Germany and including colorectal cancer cases (n=8634) and matched controls (n=8553) ascertained between 1976 and 2011. 	 OBJECTIVE
Participants were all of European descent. 	 OBJECTIVE
Genome-wide SNP data and information on regular use of aspirin and/or NSAIDs and other risk factors. 	 EXPOSURES
Colorectal cancer. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
Regular use of aspirin and/or NSAIDs was associated with lower risk of colorectal cancer (prevalence, 28% vs 38%; odds ratio [OR], 0.69 [95% CI, 0.64-0.74]; P = 6.2 × 10(-28)) compared with nonregular use. 	 RESULTS
In the conventional logistic regression analysis, the SNP rs2965667 at chromosome 12p12.3 near the MGST1 gene showed a genome-wide significant interaction with aspirin and/or NSAID use (P = 4.6 × 10(-9) for interaction). 	 RESULTS
Aspirin and/or NSAID use was associated with a lower risk of colorectal cancer among individuals with rs2965667-TT genotype (prevalence, 28% vs 38%; OR, 0.66 [95% CI, 0.61-0.70]; P = 7.7 × 10(-33)) but with a higher risk among those with rare (4%) TA or AA genotypes (prevalence, 35% vs 29%; OR, 1.89 [95% CI, 1.27-2.81]; P = .002). 	 RESULTS
In case-only interaction analysis, the SNP rs16973225 at chromosome 15q25.2 near the IL16 gene showed a genome-wide significant interaction with use of aspirin and/or NSAIDs (P = 8.2 × 10(-9) for interaction). 	 RESULTS
Regular use was associated with a lower risk of colorectal cancer among individuals with rs16973225-AA genotype (prevalence, 28% vs 38%; OR, 0.66 [95% CI, 0.62-0.71]; P = 1.9 × 10(-30)) but was not associated with risk of colorectal cancer among those with less common (9%) AC or CC genotypes (prevalence, 36% vs 39%; OR, 0.97 [95% CI, 0.78-1.20]; P = .76). 	 RESULTS
In this genome-wide investigation of gene × environment interactions, use of aspirin and/or NSAIDs was associated with lower risk of colorectal cancer, and this association differed according to genetic variation at 2 SNPs at chromosomes 12 and 15. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
Validation of these findings in additional populations may facilitate targeted colorectal cancer prevention strategies. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
Lowering the blood cholesterol level may reduce the risk of coronary heart disease. 	 BACKGROUND
This double-blind study was designed to determine whether the administration of pravastatin to men with hypercholesterolemia and no history of myocardial infarction reduced the combined incidence of nonfatal myocardial infarction and death from coronary heart disease. 	 BACKGROUND
We randomly assigned 6595 men, 45 to 64 years of age, with a mean (+/- 	 METHODS
SD) plasma cholesterol level of 272 +/- 	 METHODS
23 mg per deciliter (7.0 +/- 0.6 mmol per liter) to receive pravastatin (40 mg each evening) or placebo. 	 METHODS
The average follow-up period was 4.9 years. 	 METHODS
Medical records, electrocardiographic recordings, and the national death registry were used to determine the clinical end points. 	 METHODS
Pravastatin lowered plasma cholesterol levels by 20 percent and low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol levels by 26 percent, whereas there was no change with placebo. 	 RESULTS
There were 248 definite coronary events (specified as nonfatal myocardial infarction or death from coronary heart disease) in the placebo group, and 174 in the pravastatin group (relative reduction in risk with pravastatin, 31 percent; 95 percent confidence interval, 17 to 43 percent; P < 0.001). 	 RESULTS
There were similar reductions in the risk of definite nonfatal myocardial infarctions (31 percent reduction, P < 0.001), death from coronary heart disease (definite cases alone: 28 percent reduction, P = 0.13; definite plus suspected cases: 33 percent reduction, P = 0.042), and death from all cardiovascular causes (32 percent reduction, P = 0.033). 	 RESULTS
There was no excess of deaths from noncardiovascular causes in the pravastatin group. 	 RESULTS
We observed a 22 percent reduction in the risk of death from any cause in the pravastatin group (95 percent confidence interval, 0 to 40 percent; P = 0.051). 	 RESULTS
Treatment with pravastatin significantly reduced the incidence of myocardial infarction and death from cardiovascular causes without adversely affecting the risk of death from noncardiovascular causes in men with moderate hypercholesterolemia and no history of myocardial infarction. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The need for surgery for the majority of patients with displaced proximal humeral fractures is unclear, but its use is increasing. 	 IMPORTANCE
To evaluate the clinical effectiveness of surgical vs nonsurgical treatment for adults with displaced fractures of the proximal humerus involving the surgical neck. 	 OBJECTIVE
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS A pragmatic, multicenter, parallel-group, randomized clinical trial, the Proximal Fracture of the Humerus Evaluation by Randomization (PROFHER) trial, recruited 250 patients aged 16 years or older (mean age, 66 years [range, 24-92 years]; 192 [77%] were female; and 249 [99.6%] were white) who presented at the orthopedic departments of 32 acute UK National Health Service hospitals between September 2008 and April 2011 within 3 weeks after sustaining a displaced fracture of the proximal humerus involving the surgical neck. 	 OBJECTIVE
Patients were followed up for 2 years (up to April 2013) and 215 had complete follow-up data. 	 OBJECTIVE
The data for 231 patients (114 in surgical group and 117 in nonsurgical group) were included in the primary analysis. 	 OBJECTIVE
Fracture fixation or humeral head replacement were performed by surgeons experienced in these techniques. 	 INTERVENTIONS
Nonsurgical treatment was sling immobilization. 	 INTERVENTIONS
Standardized outpatient and community-based rehabilitation was provided to both groups. 	 INTERVENTIONS
Primary outcome was the Oxford Shoulder Score (range, 0-48; higher scores indicate better outcomes) assessed during a 2-year period, with assessment and data collection at 6, 12, and 24 months. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
Sample size was based on a minimal clinically important difference of 5 points for the Oxford Shoulder Score. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
Secondary outcomes were the Short-Form 12 (SF-12), complications, subsequent therapy, and mortality. 	 MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES
There was no significant mean treatment group difference in the Oxford Shoulder Score averaged over 2 years (39.07 points for the surgical group vs 38.32 points for the nonsurgical group; difference of 0.75 points [95% CI, -1.33 to 2.84 points]; P = .48) or at individual time points. 	 RESULTS
There were also no significant between-group differences over 2 years in the mean SF-12 physical component score (surgical group: 1.77 points higher [95% CI, -0.84 to 4.39 points]; 	 RESULTS
P = .18); the mean SF-12 mental component score (surgical group: 1.28 points lower [95% CI, -3.80 to 1.23 points]; P = .32); complications related to surgery or shoulder fracture (30 patients in surgical group vs 23 patients in nonsurgical group; P = .28), requiring secondary surgery to the shoulder (11 patients in both groups), and increased or new shoulder-related therapy (7 patients vs 4 patients, respectively; P = .58); and mortality (9 patients vs 5 patients; P = .27). 	 RESULTS
Ten medical complications (2 cardiovascular events, 2 respiratory events, 2 gastrointestinal events, and 4 others) occurred in the surgical group during the postoperative hospital stay. 	 RESULTS
Among patients with displaced proximal humeral fractures involving the surgical neck, there was no significant difference between surgical treatment compared with nonsurgical treatment in patient-reported clinical outcomes over 2 years following fracture occurrence. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
These results do not support the trend of increased surgery for patients with displaced fractures of the proximal humerus. 	 CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE
isrctn.com Identifier: ISRCTN50850043. 	 TRIAL REGISTRATION
While randomized clinical trials have compared clopidogrel with higher potency adenosine diphosphate (ADP) receptor inhibitors among patients with acute myocardial infarction, little is known about the frequency, effectiveness and safety of switching between ADP receptor inhibitors in routine clinical practice. 	 AIMS
We studied 11,999 myocardial infarction patients treated with percutaneous coronary intervention at 230 hospitals from April 2010 to October 2012 in the TRANSLATE-ACS study. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Multivariable Cox regression was used to compare six-month post-discharge risks of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE: death, myocardial infarction, stroke, or unplanned revascularization) and Global Utilization of Streptokinase and t-PA for Occluded Coronary Arteries (GUSTO)-defined bleeding between in-hospital ADP receptor inhibitor switching versus continuation of the initially selected therapy. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Among 8715 patients treated initially with clopidogrel, 994 (11.4%) were switched to prasugrel or ticagrelor; switching occurred primarily after percutaneous coronary intervention (60.9%) and at the time of hospital discharge (26.7%). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Among 3284 patients treated initially with prasugrel or ticagrelor, 448 (13.6%) were switched to clopidogrel; 48.2% of switches occurred after percutaneous coronary intervention and 48.0% at hospital discharge. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Switching to prasugrel or ticagrelor was not associated with increased bleeding when compared with continuation on clopidogrel (2.7% vs. 3.3%, adjusted hazard ratio 0.96, 95% confidence interval 0.64-1.42, p=0.82). 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
Switching from prasugrel or ticagrelor to clopidogrel was not associated with increased MACE (8.9% vs. 7.7%, adjusted hazard ratio 1.06, 95% confidence interval 0.75-1.49, p=0.76) when compared with continuation on the higher potency agent. 	 METHODS AND RESULTS
In-hospital ADP receptor inhibitor switching occurs in more than one in 10 myocardial infarction patients in contemporary practice. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In this observational study, ADP receptor inhibitor switching does not appear to be significantly associated with increased hazard of MACE or bleeding. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Many patients with lung cancer report delays in diagnosing their disease. 	 BACKGROUND
This may contribute to advanced stage at diagnosis and poor long term survival. 	 BACKGROUND
This study explores the delays experienced by patients referred to a regional cancer centre with lung cancer. 	 BACKGROUND
A prospective cohort of patients referred with newly diagnosed lung cancer were surveyed over a 3 month period to assess delays in diagnosis. 	 METHODS
Patients were asked when they first experienced symptoms, saw their doctor, what tests were done, when they saw a specialist and when they started treatment. 	 METHODS
Descriptive statistics were used to summarize the different time intervals. 	 METHODS
56 of 73 patients consented (RR 77%). 	 RESULTS
However only 52 patients (30M, 22F) were interviewed as 2 died before being interviewed and two could not be contacted. 	 RESULTS
The mean age was 68yrs. 	 RESULTS
Stage distribution was as follows (IB/IIA 10%, stage IIIA 20%, IIIB/IV 70%). 	 RESULTS
Patients waited a median of 21 days (iqr 7-51d) before seeing a doctor and a further 22d (iqr 0-38d) to complete any investigations. 	 RESULTS
The median time from presentation to specialist referral was 27d (iqr 12-49d) and a further 23.5d (iqr 10-56d) to complete investigations. 	 RESULTS
The median wait to start treatment once patients were seen at the cancer centre was 10d (iqr 2-28d). 	 RESULTS
The overall time from development of first symptoms to starting treatment was 138d (iqr 79-175d). 	 RESULTS
Lung cancer patients experience substantial delays from development of symptoms to first initiating treatment. 	 CONCLUSIONS
There is a need to promote awareness of lung cancer symptoms and develop and evaluate rapid assessment clinics for patients with suspected lung cancers. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Do clinical tests accurately diagnose rotator cuff pathology? 	 QUESTION
A systematic review of investigations into the diagnostic accuracy of clinical tests for rotator cuff pathology. 	 DESIGN
People with shoulder pain who underwent clinical testing in order to diagnose rotator cuff pathology. 	 PARTICIPANTS
The diagnostic accuracy of clinical tests was determined using likelihood ratios. 	 OUTCOME MEASURES
Thirteen studies met the inclusion criteria. 	 RESULTS
The 13 studies evaluated 14 clinical tests in 89 separate evaluations of diagnostic accuracy. 	 RESULTS
Only one evaluation, palpation for supraspinatus ruptures, resulted in significant positive and negative likelihood ratios. 	 RESULTS
Eight of the 89 evaluations resulted in either significant positive or negative likelihood ratios. 	 RESULTS
However, none of these eight positive or negative likelihood ratios were found in other studies. 	 RESULTS
Of the 89 evaluations of clinical tests 71 (80%) did not result in either significant positive or negative likelihood ratio evaluations across different studies. 	 RESULTS
Overall, most tests for rotator cuff pathology were inaccurate and cannot be recommended for clinical use. 	 CONCLUSION
At best, suspicion of a rotator cuff tear may be heightened by a positive palpation, combined Hawkins/painful arc/infraspinatus test, Napoleon test, lift-off test, belly-press test, or drop-arm test, and it may be reduced by a negative palpation, empty can test or Hawkins-Kennedy test. 	 CONCLUSION
To investigate the role of skeletal muscle (SkM) interleukin (IL)-6 in the regulation of adipose tissue metabolism. 	 OBJECTIVE
Muscle-specific IL-6 knockout (IL-6 MKO) and IL-6(loxP/loxP) (Floxed) mice were subjected to standard rodent diet (Chow), high-fat diet (HFD), or HFD in combination with exercise training (HFD ExTr) for 16 weeks. 	 METHODS
Total fat mass increased (P < 0.05) in both genotypes with HFD. 	 RESULTS
However, HFD IL-6 MKO mice had lower (P < 0.05) inguinal adipose tissue (iWAT) mass than HFD Floxed mice. 	 RESULTS
Accordingly, iWAT glucose transporter 4 (GLUT4) protein content, 5'AMP activated protein kinase (AMPK)(Thr172) phosphorylation, and fatty acid synthase (FAS) mRNA content were lower (P < 0.05) in IL-6 MKO than Floxed mice on Chow. 	 RESULTS
In addition, iWAT AMPK(Thr172) and hormone-sensitive lipase (HSL)(Ser565) phosphorylation as well as perilipin protein content was higher (P < 0.05) in HFD IL-6 MKO than HFD Floxed mice, and pyruvate dehydrogenase E1α (PDH-E1α) protein content was higher (P < 0.05) in HFD ExTr IL-6 MKO than HFD ExTr Floxed mice. 	 RESULTS
These findings indicate that SkM IL-6 affects iWAT mass through regulation of glucose uptake capacity as well as lipogenic and lipolytic factors. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Few previous prospective studies have examined differences in incident ischemic heart disease (IHD) risk between vegetarians and nonvegetarians. 	 BACKGROUND
The objective was to examine the association of a vegetarian diet with risk of incident (nonfatal and fatal) IHD. 	 OBJECTIVE
A total of 44,561 men and women living in England and Scotland who were enrolled in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-Oxford study, of whom 34% consumed a vegetarian diet at baseline, were part of the analysis. 	 DESIGN
Incident cases of IHD were identified through linkage with hospital records and death certificates. 	 DESIGN
Serum lipids and blood pressure measurements were available for 1519 non cases, who were matched to IHD cases by sex and age. 	 DESIGN
risk by vegetarian status was estimated by using multivariate Cox proportional hazards models. 	 IHD
After an average follow-up of 11.6 y, there were 1235 IHD cases (1066 hospital admissions and 169 deaths). 	 RESULTS
Compared with nonvegetarians, vegetarians had a lower mean BMI [in kg/m(2); -1.2 (95% CI: -1.3, -1.1)], non-HDL-cholesterol concentration [-0.45 (95% CI: -0.60, -0.30) mmol/L], and systolic blood pressure [-3.3 (95% CI: -5.9, -0.7) mm Hg]. 	 RESULTS
Vegetarians had a 32% lower risk (HR: 0.68; 95% CI: 0.58, 0.81) of IHD than did nonvegetarians, which was only slightly attenuated after adjustment for BMI and did not differ materially by sex, age, BMI, smoking, or the presence of IHD risk factors. 	 RESULTS
Consuming a vegetarian diet was associated with lower IHD risk, a finding that is probably mediated by differences in non-HDL cholesterol, and systolic blood pressure. 	 CONCLUSION
To determine the prevalence of hypertension and pre-hypertension on the basis of the 2004 National High Blood Pressure Education Program Working Group guidelines in an adolescent school-screening population. 	 OBJECTIVE
Cross-sectional assessment of blood pressure (BP) in 6790 adolescents (11-17 years) in Houston schools was conducted from 2003 to 2005. 	 STUDY DESIGN
Initial measurements included height, weight, and 4 oscillometric BP readings. 	 STUDY DESIGN
Repeat measurements were obtained on 2 subsequent occasions in students with persistently elevated BP. 	 STUDY DESIGN
Final prevalence was adjusted for loss to follow-up and logistic regression used to assess risk factors. 	 STUDY DESIGN
BP distribution at initial screen was 81.1% normal, 9.5% pre-hypertension, and 9.4% hypertension (8.4% Stage 1; 1% Stage 2). 	 RESULTS
Prevalence after 3 screenings was 81.1% normal, 15.7% pre-hypertension, and 3.2% hypertension (2.6% Stage 1; 0.6% Stage 2). 	 RESULTS
Hypertension and pre-hypertension increased with increasing body mass index. 	 RESULTS
Sex, race, and classification as either at-risk for overweight or overweight were independently associated with pre-hypertension. 	 RESULTS
Only classification as overweight was associated with hypertension. 	 RESULTS
Application of new classification guidelines for adolescents with elevated BP reveals approximately 20% are at risk for hypertension. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Further research determining the significance of each BP category and refining definitions to account for BP variability is warranted. 	 CONCLUSIONS
& AIMS Various commensal enteric and potentially pathogenic bacteria may be involved in the pathogenesis of inflammatory bowel diseases (IBD). 	 BACKGROUND
We compared the risk of IBD between a cohort of patients with documented Salmonella or Campylobacter gastroenteritis and an age- and gender-matched control group from the same population in Denmark. 	 BACKGROUND
We identified 13,324 patients with Salmonella/Campylobacter gastroenteritis from laboratory registries in North Jutland and Aarhus counties, Denmark, from 1991 through 2003, and 26,648 unexposed controls from the same counties. 	 METHODS
Of these, 176 exposed patients with IBD before the infection, their 352 unexposed controls, and 80 unexposed individuals with IBD before the Salmonella/Campylobacter infection were excluded. 	 METHODS
The final study cohort of 13,148 exposed and 26,216 unexposed individuals were followed for up to 15 years (mean, 7.5 years). 	 METHODS
A first-time diagnosis of IBD was reported in 107 exposed (1.2%) and 73 unexposed individuals (0.5%). 	 RESULTS
By age, gender, and comorbidity adjusted Cox proportional hazards regression analysis, the hazard ratio (95% confidence interval) for IBD was 2.9 (2.2-3.9) for the whole period and 1.9 (1.4-2.6) if the first year after the Salmonella/Campylobacter infection was excluded. 	 RESULTS
The increased risk in exposed subjects was observed throughout the 15-year observation period. 	 RESULTS
The increased risk was similar for Salmonella (n = 6463) and Campylobacter (n = 6685) and for a first-time diagnosis of Crohn's disease (n = 47) and ulcerative colitis (n = 133). 	 RESULTS
In our population-based cohort study with complete follow-up, an increased risk of IBD was demonstrated in individuals notified in laboratory registries with an episode of Salmonella/Campylobacter gastroenteritis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To define potential common features of simian immunodeficiency virus (SIV) infections in different naturally infected host species, we compared the dynamics of viral replication in 31 African green monkeys (10 sabeus, 15 vervets and seven Caribbean AGMs), 14 mandrills and three sooty mangabeys (SMs) that were experimentally infected with their species-specific viruses. 	 METHODS
After infection, these SIVs replicated rapidly reaching viral loads (VLs) of 10(5)-10(9) copies/ml of plasma between days 9-14 post-infection (p.i). 	 RESULTS
Set point viremia was established between days 42 and 60 p.i., with levels of approximately 10(5)-10(6) copies/ml in SM and mandrills, and lower levels (10(3)-10(5) copies/ml) in AGMs. 	 RESULTS
VL during the chronic phase did not correlate with viral genome structure: SIVmnd-2 (a vpx-containing virus) and SIVmnd-1 (which does not contain vpu or vpx) replicated to similar levels in mandrills. 	 RESULTS
VL was dependent on virus strain: vervets infected with three different viral strains showed different patterns of viral replication. 	 RESULTS
The pattern of viral replication of SIVagm.sab, which uses both CCR5 and CXCR4 co-receptors was similar to those of the other viruses. 	 RESULTS
Our results show a common pattern of SIV replication in naturally and experimentally infected hosts. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This is similar overall to that observed in pathogenic SIV infection of macaques. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This result indicates that differences in clinical outcome between pathogenic and non-pathogenic infections rely on host responses rather than the characteristics of the virus itself. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Few data exist about the implementation of contemporary oral antiplatelet treatment guidelines in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). 	 BACKGROUND
GReek AntiPlatelet rEgistry (GRAPE), initiated on January 2012, is a prospective, observational, multicenter cohort study focusing on contemporary use of P2Y12 inhibitors. 	 METHODS
In 1434 patients we evaluated appropriateness of P2Y12 selection initially and at discharge by applying an eligibility-assessing algorithm based on P2Y12 inhibitors' contraindications/specific warnings and precautions. 	 METHODS
Appropriate, less preferable and inappropriate P2Y12 inhibitor selections were made initially in 45.8%, 47.2% and 6.6% and at discharge in 64.1%, 29.2% and 6.6% of patients, respectively. 	 RESULTS
The selection of clopidogrel was most commonly less preferable, both initially (69.7%) and at discharge (75.6%). 	 RESULTS
Appropriate selection of newer agents was high initially (79.2%-82.8%), with further increase as selection at discharge (89.4%-89.8%). 	 RESULTS
Inappropriate selection of the newer agents was 17.2%-20.8% initially, decreasing to 10.2%-10.6% at discharge. 	 RESULTS
Conditions and co-medications related to increased bleeding risk, presentation with ST elevation myocardial infarction and the absence of reperfusion within the first 24h were the most powerful predictors of appropriate P2Y12 selection initially, whereas age ≥75 years, conditions and co-medications related to increased bleeding risk and regional trends mostly affected appropriate P2Y12 selection at discharge. 	 RESULTS
In GRAPE, adherence with the recently released guidelines on oral antiplatelet therapy was satisfactory. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Clopidogrel was most commonly used as a less preferable selection, while prasugrel or ticagrelor selection was mostly appropriate. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Certain factors may predict initial and at discharge guideline implementation. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Clinical Trial Registration-clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT01774955 http://clinicaltrials.gov/. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To investigate the frequency of depressive and anxiety disorders in patients with chronic daily headache. 	 OBJECTIVE
There is a lack of data in the literature on the extent of psychiatric comorbidity in patients with different subtypes of chronic daily headache. 	 BACKGROUND
We recruited consecutive patients with chronic daily headache seen in a headache clinic from November 1998 to December 1999. 	 METHODS
The subtypes of chronic daily headache were classified according to the criteria proposed by Silberstein et al. A psychiatrist evaluated the patients according to the structured Mini-International Neuropsychiatric Interview to assess the comorbidity of depressive and anxiety disorders. 	 METHODS
Two hundred sixty-one patients with chronic daily headache were recruited. 	 RESULTS
The mean age was 46 years, and 80% were women. 	 RESULTS
Transformed migraine was diagnosed in 152 patients (58%) and chronic tension-type headache in 92 patients (35%). 	 RESULTS
Seventy-eight percent of patients with transformed migraine had psychiatric comorbidity, including major depression (57%), dysthymia (11%), panic disorder (30%), and generalized anxiety disorder (8%). 	 RESULTS
Sixty-four percent of patients with chronic tension-type headache had psychiatric diagnoses, including major depression (51%), dysthymia (8%), panic disorder (22%), and generalized anxiety disorder (1%). 	 RESULTS
The frequency of anxiety disorders was significantly higher in patients with transformed migraine after controlling for age and sex (P =.02). 	 RESULTS
Both depressive and anxiety disorders were significantly more frequent in women. 	 RESULTS
Psychiatric comorbidity, especially major depression and panic disorders, was highly prevalent in patients with chronic daily headache seen in a headache clinic. 	 CONCLUSION
These results demonstrate that women and patients with transformed migraine are at higher risk of psychiatric comorbidity. 	 CONCLUSION
Adenocarcinoma of the endometrium is the most common gynecologic malignancy in the United States, accounting for approximately 36,000 diagnoses of invasive carcinoma annually. 	 BACKGROUND
The most common histologic type, endometrioid adenocarcinoma (EC), accounts for 75-80% of patients. 	 BACKGROUND
The objective of this work was to estimate the prevalence of concurrent carcinoma in women with a biopsy diagnosis of the precursor lesion, atypical endometrial hyperplasia (AEH). 	 BACKGROUND
This prospective cohort study included women who had a community diagnosis of AEH. 	 METHODS
Diagnostic biopsy specimens were reviewed independently by three gynecologic pathologists who used International Society of Gynecologic Pathologists/World Health Organization criteria. 	 METHODS
Study participants underwent hysterectomy within 12 weeks of entry onto protocol without interval treatment. 	 METHODS
The hysterectomy slides also were reviewed by the study pathologists, and their findings were used in the subsequent analyses. 	 METHODS
Between November 1998 and June 2003, 306 women were enrolled on the study. 	 RESULTS
Of these, 17 women were not included in the analysis: Two patients had unreadable slides because of poor processing or insufficient tissue, 2 patients had only slides that were not endometrial, the slides for 5 patients were not available for review, and 8 of the hysterectomy specimens were excluded because they showed evidence of interval intervention, either progestin effect or ablation. 	 RESULTS
In total, 289 patients were included in the current analysis. 	 RESULTS
The study panel review of the AEH biopsy specimens was interpreted as follows: 74 of 289 specimens (25.6%) were diagnosed as less than AEH, 115 of 289 specimens (39.8%) were diagnosed as AEH, and 84 of 289 specimens (29.1%) were diagnosed as endometrial carcinoma. 	 RESULTS
In 5.5% (16 of 289 specimens), there was no consensus on the biopsy diagnosis. 	 RESULTS
The rate of concurrent endometrial carcinoma for analyzed specimens was 42.6% (123 of 289 specimens). 	 RESULTS
Of these, 30.9% (38 of 123 specimens) were myoinvasive, and 10.6% (13 of 123 specimens) involved the outer 50% of the myometrium. 	 RESULTS
Among the women who had hysterectomy specimens with carcinoma, 14 of 74 women (18.9%) had a study panel biopsy consensus diagnosis of less than AEH, 45 of 115 women (39.1%) had a study panel biopsy consensus diagnosis of AEH, and 54 of 84 women (64.3%) had a study panel diagnosis of carcinoma. 	 RESULTS
Among women who had no consensus in their biopsy diagnosis, 10 of 16 women (62.5%) had carcinoma in their hysterectomy specimens. 	 RESULTS
The prevalence of endometrial carcinoma in patients who had a community hospital biopsy diagnosis of AEH was high (42.6%). 	 CONCLUSIONS
When considering management strategies for women who have a biopsy diagnosis of AEH, clinicians and patients should take into account the considerable rate of concurrent carcinoma. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The aim of this study was to examine the clustering of four major lifestyle risk factors (smoking, heavy drinking, lack of fruit and vegetables consumption, and lack of physical activity), and to examine the variation across different socio-demographic groups in the English adult population. 	 BACKGROUND
The study population was derived from the 2003 Health Survey for England (n=11,492). 	 METHODS
Clustering was examined by comparing the observed and expected prevalence of the different possible combinations. 	 METHODS
A multinomial multilevel regression model was conducted to examine the socio-demographic variation in the clustering of the four risk factors. 	 METHODS
The study found that, when using British health recommendations, a majority of the English population have multiple lifestyle risk factors at the same time. 	 RESULTS
Clustering was found at both ends of the lifestyle spectrum and was more pronounced for women than for men. 	 RESULTS
Overall, multiple risk factors were more prevalent among men, lower social class households, singles, and people who are economically inactive, but less prevalent among home owners and older age groups. 	 RESULTS
The clustering of multiple risk factors provides support for multiple-behavior interventions as opposed to single-behavior interventions. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To evaluate the safety, tolerability, and amyloid beta (Abeta) response to the gamma-secretase inhibitor LY450139 in Alzheimer disease. 	 OBJECTIVE
Multicenter, randomized, double-blind, dose-escalation, placebo-controlled trial. 	 DESIGN
Community-based clinical research centers. 	 SETTING
Patients Fifty-one individuals with mild to moderate Alzheimer disease were randomized to receive placebo (n=15) or LY450139 (100 mg [n=22] or 140 mg [n=14]), with 43 completing the treatment phase. 	 SETTING
Intervention The LY450139 groups received 60 mg/d for 2 weeks, then 100 mg/d for 6 weeks, and then either 100 or 140 mg/d for 6 additional weeks. 	 SETTING
Primary outcome measures were adverse events, plasma and cerebrospinal fluid Abeta levels, vital signs, electrocardiographic data, and laboratory safety test results. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Secondary outcome measures included the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale cognitive subscale and the Alzheimer's Disease Cooperative Study Activities of Daily Living Scale. 	 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Group differences were seen in skin and subcutaneous tissue concerns (P=.05), including 3 possible drug rashes and 3 reports of hair color change in the treatment groups. 	 RESULTS
There were 3 adverse event-related discontinuations, including 1 transient bowel obstruction. 	 RESULTS
The plasma Abeta(40) concentration was reduced by 58.2% for the 100-mg group and 64.6% for the 140-mg group (P<.001). 	 RESULTS
No significant reduction was seen in cerebrospinal fluid Abeta levels. 	 RESULTS
No group differences were seen in cognitive or functional measures. 	 RESULTS
LY450139 was generally well tolerated at doses of up to 140 mg/d for 14 weeks, with several findings indicating the need for close clinical monitoring in future studies. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Decreases in plasma Abeta concentrations were consistent with inhibition of gamma-secretase. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Trial Registration clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00244322. 	 CONCLUSIONS
AIM/PURPOSE The aim of this study was to compare clinical outcome of children with scald burns treated with a hydrofiber dressing (Aquacel(®), Convatec Inc.) with the former standard of care with silver sulfadiazine (Flammazine(®); Solvay Pharmaceuticals), considering surgical intervention and length of stay (LOS). 	 CONCLUSIONS
A retrospective study of all consecutive children from zero to four years with primary scald burns up to 10% admitted to the Burn Centre of the Maasstad Hospital Rotterdam between January 1987 and January 2010 were reviewed. 	 METHODS
For data collection a prospective computerized database was used. 	 METHODS
For comparison the study period was divided into two periods representing the period before and after the introduction of the hydrofiber dressing (HFD), respectively 1987-1999 (period 1) and 1999-2010 (period 2). 	 METHODS
Over the whole study period 27.3% of 502 patients treated with silver sulfadiazine (Ag-SD) underwent surgery, while before the introduction of HFD 30.5% of 338 Ag-SD treated patients were operated upon. 	 RESULTS
After the introduction of the HFD 20.7% of 164 patients treated with Ag-SD eventually underwent skin grafting, a significant difference with the 11.6% of 302 patients whose wounds were dressed with HFD (p<0.01). 	 RESULTS
Compared to silver sulfadiazine treatment a reduced number of surgical interventions was observed in mixed partial thickness scald burns up to 10% TBSA burned in children aged 0-4 years after the introduction of hydrofiber dressings. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The mode of treatment with this wound dressing also limited hospital length of stay. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Previous studies have shown increases in ambulatory short-term blood pressure (BP) variability to be related to cardiovascular disease. 	 OBJECTIVE
In this study, we examined whether an angiotensin II type 1 receptor blocker losartan would improve ambulatory short-term BP variability in hypertensive patients on hemodialysis. 	 OBJECTIVE
Forty hypertensive patients on hemodialysis therapy were randomly assigned to the losartan treatment group (n=20) or the control treatment group (n=20). 	 METHODS
At baseline and 6 and 12 months after the treatment, 24-h ambulatory BP monitoring was performed. 	 METHODS
Echocardiography and measurements of brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity (baPWV) and biochemical parameters were also performed before and after therapy. 	 METHODS
After 6- and 12-months of treatment, nighttime short-term BP variability, assessed on the basis of the coefficient of variation of ambulatory BP, was significantly decreased in the losartan group, but remained unchanged in the control group. 	 RESULTS
Compared with the control group, losartan significantly decreased left ventricular mass index (LVMI), baPWV, and the plasma levels of brain natriuretic peptide and advanced glycation end products (AGE). 	 RESULTS
Furthermore, multiple regression analysis showed significant correlations between changes in LVMI and changes in nighttime short-term BP variability, as well as between changes in LVMI and changes in the plasma levels of AGE. 	 RESULTS
These results suggest that losartan is beneficial for the suppression of pathological cardiovascular remodeling though its inhibitory effect on ambulatory short-term BP variability during nighttime. 	 CONCLUSION
PEPFAR, national governments, and other stakeholders are investing unprecedented resources to provide HIV treatment in developing countries. 	 BACKGROUND
This study reports empirical data on costs and cost trends in a large sample of HIV treatment sites. 	 BACKGROUND
In 2006-2007, we conducted cost analyses at 43 PEPFAR-supported outpatient clinics providing free comprehensive HIV treatment in Botswana, Ethiopia, Nigeria, Uganda, and Vietnam. 	 DESIGN
We collected data on HIV treatment costs over consecutive 6-month periods starting from scale-up of dedicated HIV treatment services at each site. 	 METHODS
The study included all patients receiving HIV treatment and care at study sites [62,512 antiretroviral therapy (ART) and 44,394 pre-ART patients]. 	 METHODS
Outcomes were costs per patient and total program costs, subdivided by major cost categories. 	 METHODS
Median annual economic costs were US$ 202 (2009 USD) for pre-ART patients and US$ 880 for ART patients. 	 RESULTS
Excluding antiretrovirals, per patient ART costs were US$ 298. 	 RESULTS
Care for newly initiated ART patients cost 15-20% more than for established patients. 	 RESULTS
Per patient costs dropped rapidly as sites matured, with per patient ART costs dropping 46.8% between first and second 6-month periods after the beginning of scale-up, and an additional 29.5% the following year. 	 RESULTS
provided 79.4% of funding for service delivery, and national governments provided 15.2%. 	 PEPFAR
Treatment costs vary widely between sites, and high early costs drop rapidly as sites mature. 	 CONCLUSION
Treatment costs vary between countries and respond to changes in antiretroviral regimen costs and the package of services. 	 CONCLUSION
Whereas cost reductions may allow near-term program growth, programs need to weigh the trade-off between improving services for current patients and expanding coverage to new patients. 	 CONCLUSION
Policy discussions regarding the mental health needs of children and adolescents emphasize a lack of use of mental health services among youth, but few national estimates are available. 	 OBJECTIVE
The authors use three national data sets and examine ethnic disparities in unmet need (defined as having a need for mental health evaluation but not using any services in a 1-year period) to provide such estimates. 	 OBJECTIVE
The authors conducted secondary data analyses in three nationally representative household surveys fielded in 1996-1998: the National Health Interview Survey, the National Survey of American Families, and the Community Tracking Survey. 	 METHOD
They determined rates of mental health service use by children and adolescents 3-17 years of age and differences by ethnicity and insurance status. 	 METHOD
Among the children defined as in need of mental health services, defined by an estimator of mental health problems (selected items from the Child Behavior Checklist), they examined the association of unmet need with ethnicity and insurance status. 	 METHOD
In a 12-month period, 2%-3% of children 3-5 years old and 6%-9% of children and adolescents 6-17 years old used mental health services. 	 RESULTS
Of children and adolescents 6-17 years old who were defined as needing mental health services, nearly 80% did not receive mental health care. 	 RESULTS
Controlling for other factors, the authors determined that the rate of unmet need was greater among Latino than white children and among uninsured than publicly insured children. 	 RESULTS
These findings reveal that most children who need a mental health evaluation do not receive services and that Latinos and the uninsured have especially high rates of unmet need relative to other children. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Rates of use of mental health services are extremely low among preschool children. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Research clarifying the reasons for high rates of unmet need in specific groups can help inform policy and clinical programs. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This article reviews psychology and behavioral economic approaches to HIV prevention, and examines the integration and application of these approaches in conditional economic incentive (CEI) programs for reducing HIV risk behavior. 	 OBJECTIVE
We discuss the history of HIV prevention approaches, highlighting the important insights and limitations of psychological theories. 	 METHODS
We provide an overview of the theoretical tenets of behavioral economics that are relevant to HIV prevention, and utilize CEIs as an illustrative example of how traditional psychological theories and behavioral economics can be combined into new approaches for HIV prevention. 	 METHODS
Behavioral economic interventions can complement psychological frameworks for reducing HIV risk by introducing unique theoretical understandings about the conditions under which risky decisions are amenable to intervention. 	 RESULTS
Findings from illustrative CEI programs show mixed but generally promising effects of economic interventions on HIV and sexually transmitted infection (STI) prevalence, HIV testing, HIV medication adherence, and drug use. 	 RESULTS
programs can complement psychological interventions for HIV prevention and behavioral risk reduction. 	 CONCLUSIONS CEI
To maximize program effectiveness, CEI programs must be designed according to contextual and population-specific factors that may determine intervention applicability and success. 	 CONCLUSIONS CEI
Studies have shown that women use more health care services than men. 	 BACKGROUND
We used important independent variables, such as patient sociodemographics and health status, to investigate gender differences in the use and costs of these services. 	 BACKGROUND
New adult patients (N = 509) were randomly assigned to primary care physicians at a university medical center. 	 METHODS
Their use of health care services and associated charges were monitored for 1 year of care. 	 METHODS
Self-reported health status was measured using the Medical Outcomes Study Short Form-36 (SF-36). 	 METHODS
We controlled for health status, sociodemographic information, and primary care physician specialty in the statistical analyses. 	 METHODS
Women had significantly lower self-reported health status and lower mean education and income than men. 	 RESULTS
Women had a significantly higher mean number of visits to their primary care clinic and diagnostic services than men. 	 RESULTS
Mean charges for primary care, specialty care, emergency treatment, diagnostic services, and annual total charges were all significantly higher for women than men; however, there were no differences for mean hospitalizations or hospital charges. 	 RESULTS
After controlling for health status, sociodemographics, and clinic assignment, women still had higher medical charges for all categories of charges except hospitalizations. 	 RESULTS
Women have higher medical care service utilization and higher associated charges than men. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Although the appropriateness of these differences was not determined, these findings have implications for health care. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The amyloid fibril deposits that cause systemic amyloidosis always contain the nonfibrillar normal plasma protein, serum amyloid P component (SAP). 	 BACKGROUND
The drug (R)-1-[6-[(R)-2-carboxy-pyrrolidin-1-yl]-6-oxo-hexanoyl]pyrrolidine-2-carboxylic acid (CPHPC) efficiently depletes SAP from the plasma but leaves some SAP in amyloid deposits that can be specifically targeted by therapeutic IgG anti-SAP antibodies. 	 BACKGROUND
In murine amyloid A type amyloidosis, the binding of these antibodies to the residual SAP in amyloid deposits activates complement and triggers the rapid clearance of amyloid by macrophage-derived multinucleated giant cells. 	 BACKGROUND
We conducted an open-label, single-dose-escalation, phase 1 trial involving 15 patients with systemic amyloidosis. 	 METHODS
After first using CPHPC to deplete circulating SAP, we infused a fully humanized monoclonal IgG1 anti-SAP antibody. 	 METHODS
Patients with clinical evidence of cardiac involvement were not included for safety reasons. 	 METHODS
Organ function, inflammatory markers, and amyloid load were monitored. 	 METHODS
There were no serious adverse events. 	 RESULTS
Infusion reactions occurred in some of the initial recipients of larger doses of antibody; reactions were reduced by slowing the infusion rate for later patients. 	 RESULTS
At 6 weeks, patients who had received a sufficient dose of antibody in relation to their amyloid load had decreased liver stiffness, as measured with the use of transient elastography. 	 RESULTS
These patients also had improvements in liver function in association with a substantial reduction in hepatic amyloid load, as shown by means of SAP scintigraphy and measurement of extracellular volume by magnetic resonance imaging. 	 RESULTS
A reduction in kidney amyloid load and shrinkage of an amyloid-laden lymph node were also observed. 	 RESULTS
Treatment with CPHPC followed by an anti-SAP antibody safely triggered clearance of amyloid deposits from the liver and some other tissues. 	 CONCLUSIONS
(Funded by GlaxoSmithKline; ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT01777243.). 	 CONCLUSIONS
Alcohol is believed to be an important factor behind the sharp rise in mortality during the period 1990-94 in Russia. 	 AIMS
However, the rise in the standard alcohol consumption proxy does not seem to be sufficient to explain all the increase in mortality. 	 AIMS
This study adopts a novel approach to exploring the role of the alcohol factor in the increased mortality by investigating whether the mismatch between trends in mortality and recorded alcohol consumption is due to an underestimation of the consumption increase. 	 AIMS
First, the alcohol effect on the male accident rate was estimated using data for the period 1959-89. 	 DESIGN AND MEASUREMENTS
Next, the estimated alcohol effect and the observed accident mortality rate for the period 1990-98 were used to backcast alcohol consumption during that period. 	 DESIGN AND MEASUREMENTS
Thirdly, the backcasted alcohol series was used to predict trajectories in alcohol poisoning mortality, the homicide rate and all-cause mortality during the period 1990-98. 	 DESIGN AND MEASUREMENTS
FINDINGS 	 DESIGN AND MEASUREMENTS
There was a markedly stronger increase in the backcasted consumption proxy than in the standard alcohol consumption proxy during the period 1990-98. 	 DESIGN AND MEASUREMENTS
There was a substantial gap between the observed mortality rates and the rates predicted from the standard alcohol consumption proxy, whereas the predictions from the backcasted alcohol proxy were much closer to the target. 	 DESIGN AND MEASUREMENTS
Much of the rise in Russian mortality in 1990-94 appears to have been due to the increase in population drinking, but this increase is grossly underestimated by the commonly used consumption proxy combining alcohol sales, estimation of illicit alcohol production and proportion of alcohol-positive violent deaths. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Calcium supplementation has been shown to decrease the risk of recurrence of colorectal adenomas in randomized trials. 	 BACKGROUND
However, the duration of this protective effect after cessation of active supplementation is not known. 	 BACKGROUND
In the Calcium Polyp Prevention Study, 930 subjects with a previous colorectal adenoma were randomly assigned from November 1988 through April 1992 to receive placebo or 1200 mg of elemental calcium daily for 4 years. 	 METHODS
The Calcium Follow-up Study was an observational phase of the trial that tracked adenoma occurrence for an average of 7 years after the end of randomized treatment and gathered information regarding the use of medications, vitamins, and supplements during that time. 	 METHODS
We obtained follow-up information for 822 subjects, 597 of whom underwent at least one colonoscopy after the end of study treatment and are included in this analysis. 	 METHODS
Generalized linear models were used to compute relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for the effect of randomized calcium treatment on risk of adenoma recurrence during the first 5 years after study treatment ended and during the subsequent 5 years. 	 METHODS
Statistical tests were two-sided. 	 METHODS
During the first 5 years after randomized treatment ended, subjects in the calcium group still had a substantially and statistically significantly lower risk of any adenoma than those in the placebo group (31.5% versus 43.2%; adjusted RR = 0.63, 95% CI = 0.46 to 0.87, P = .005) and a smaller and not statistically significant reduction in risk of advanced adenomas (adjusted RR = 0.85, 95% CI = 0.43 to 1.69, P = .65). 	 RESULTS
However, the randomized treatment was not associated with the risk of any type of polyp during the next 5 years. 	 RESULTS
The findings were broadly similar when the analysis was restricted to subjects who did not report use of any calcium supplements after the treatment phase of the trial ended. 	 RESULTS
The protective effect of calcium supplementation on risk of colorectal adenoma recurrence extends up to 5 years after cessation of active treatment, even in the absence of continued supplementation. 	 CONCLUSION
AN1792 (beta-amyloid [Abeta]1-42) immunization reduces Abeta plaque burden and preserves cognitive function in APP transgenic mice. 	 BACKGROUND
The authors report the results of a phase IIa immunotherapy trial of AN1792(QS-21) in patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer disease (AD) that was interrupted because of meningoencephalitis in 6% of immunized patients. 	 BACKGROUND
This randomized, multicenter, placebo-controlled, double-blind trial of IM AN1792 225 microg plus the adjuvant QS-21 50 microg (300 patients) and saline (72 patients) included patients aged 50 to 85 years with probable AD, Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) 15 to 26. 	 METHODS
Injections were planned for months 0, 1, 3, 6, 9, and 12. 	 METHODS
Safety and tolerability were evaluated, and pilot efficacy (AD Assessment Scale-Cognitive Subscale [ADAS-Cog], MRI, neuropsychological test battery [NTB], CSF tau, and Abeta42) was assessed in anti-AN1792 antibody responder patients (immunoglobulin G titer > or = 1:2,200). 	 METHODS
Following reports of meningoencephalitis (overall 18/300 [6%]), immunization was stopped after one (2 patients), two (274 patients), or three (24 patients) injections. 	 RESULTS
Of the 300 AN1792(QS-21)-treated patients, 59 (19.7%) developed the predetermined antibody response. 	 RESULTS
Double-blind assessments were maintained for 12 months. 	 RESULTS
No significant differences were found between antibody responder and placebo groups for ADAS-Cog, Disability Assessment for Dementia, Clinical Dementia Rating, MMSE, or Clinical Global Impression of Change, but analyses of the z-score composite across the NTB revealed differences favoring antibody responders (0.03 +/- 0.37 vs -0.20 +/- 0.45; p = 0.020). 	 RESULTS
In the small subset of subjects who had CSF examinations, CSF tau was decreased in antibody responders (n = 11) vs placebo subjects (n = 10; p < 0.001). 	 RESULTS
Although interrupted, this trial provides an indication that Abeta immunotherapy may be useful in Alzheimer disease. 	 CONCLUSION
Screening for cervical cancer based on testing for human papillomavirus (HPV) increases the sensitivity of detection of high-grade (grade 2 or 3) cervical intraepithelial neoplasia, but whether this gain represents overdiagnosis or protection against future high-grade cervical epithelial neoplasia or cervical cancer is unknown. 	 BACKGROUND
In a population-based screening program in Sweden, 12,527 women 32 to 38 years of age were randomly assigned at a 1:1 ratio to have an HPV test plus a Papanicolaou (Pap) test (intervention group) or a Pap test alone (control group). 	 METHODS
Women with a positive HPV test and a normal Pap test result were offered a second HPV test at least 1 year later, and those who were found to be persistently infected with the same high-risk type of HPV were then offered colposcopy with cervical biopsy. 	 METHODS
A similar number of double-blinded Pap smears and colposcopies with biopsy were performed in randomly selected women in the control group. 	 METHODS
Comprehensive registry data were used to follow the women for a mean of 4.1 years. 	 METHODS
The relative rates of grade 2 or 3 cervical intraepithelial neoplasia or cancer detected at enrollment and at subsequent screening examinations were calculated. 	 METHODS
At enrollment, the proportion of women in the intervention group who were found to have lesions of grade 2 or 3 cervical intraepithelial neoplasia or cancer was 51% greater (95% confidence interval [CI], 13 to 102) than the proportion of women in the control group who were found to have such lesions. 	 RESULTS
At subsequent screening examinations, the proportion of women in the intervention group who were found to have grade 2 or 3 lesions or cancer was 42% less (95% CI, 4 to 64) and the proportion with grade 3 lesions or cancer was 47% less (95% CI, 2 to 71) than the proportions of control women who were found to have such lesions. 	 RESULTS
Women with persistent HPV infection remained at high risk for grade 2 or 3 lesions or cancer after referral for colposcopy. 	 RESULTS
The addition of an HPV test to the Pap test to screen women in their mid-30s for cervical cancer reduces the incidence of grade 2 or 3 cervical intraepithelial neoplasia or cancer detected by subsequent screening examinations. 	 CONCLUSIONS
(ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00479375 [ClinicalTrials.gov].). 	 CONCLUSIONS
Steroidogenic acute regulatory (StAR) protein related lipid transfer (START) domains are small globular modules that form a cavity where lipids and lipid hormones bind. 	 BACKGROUND
These domains can transport ligands to facilitate lipid exchange between biological membranes, and they have been postulated to modulate the activity of other domains of the protein in response to ligand binding. 	 BACKGROUND
More than a dozen human genes encode START domains, and several of them are implicated in a disease. 	 BACKGROUND
We report crystal structures of the human STARD1, STARD5, STARD13 and STARD14 lipid transfer domains. 	 PRINCIPAL FINDINGS
These represent four of the six functional classes of START domains. 	 PRINCIPAL FINDINGS
Sequence alignments based on these and previously reported crystal structures define the structural determinants of human START domains, both those related to structural framework and those involved in ligand specificity. 	 SIGNIFICANCE
This article can also be viewed as an enhanced version in which the text of the article is integrated with interactive 3D representations and animated transitions. 	 ENHANCED VERSION
Please note that a web plugin is required to access this enhanced functionality. 	 ENHANCED VERSION
Instructions for the installation and use of the web plugin are available in Text S1. 	 ENHANCED VERSION
The growing appreciation of the multi-faceted importance of optimal maternal nutrition to the health and development of the infant and young child is tempered by incompletely resolved strategies for combatting challenges. 	 BACKGROUND
To review the importance of maternal nutrition and strategies being employed to optimize outcomes. 	 OBJECTIVE
Selected data from recent literature with special focus on rationale for and currently published results of maternal nutrition supplements, including lipid based nutrition supplements. 	 METHODS
1) An impelling rationale for improving the maternal and in utero environment of low resource populations has emerged to achieve improved fetal and post-natal growth and development. 	 RESULTS
2) Based partly on population increases in adult height over one-two generations, much can be achieved by reducing poverty. 	 RESULTS
3) Maternal, newborn and infant characteristics associated with low resource environments include evidence of undernutrition, manifested by underweight and impaired linear growth. 	 RESULTS
4) Apart from broad public health and educational initiatives, to date, most specific efforts to improve fetal growth and development have included maternal nutrition interventions during gestation. 	 RESULTS
5) The relatively limited but real benefits of both iron/folic acid (IFA) and multiple micronutrient (MMN) maternal supplements during gestation have now been reasonably defined. 	 RESULTS
6) Recent investigations of a maternal lipid-based primarily micronutrient supplement (LNS) have not demonstrated a consistent benefit beyond MMN alone. 	 RESULTS
7) However, effects of both MMN and LNS appear to be enhanced by commencing early in gestation. 	 RESULTS
Poor maternal nutritional status is one of a very few specific factors in the human that not only contributes to impaired fetal and early post-natal growth but for which maternal interventions have demonstrated improved in utero development, documented primarily by both improvements in low birth weights and by partial corrections of impaired birth length. 	 CONCLUSIONS
A clearer definition of the benefits achievable by interventions specifically focused on correcting maternal nutrition deficits should not be limited to improvements in the quality of maternal nutrition supplements, but on the cumulative quantity and timing of interventions (also recognizing the heterogeneity between populations). 	 CONCLUSIONS
Finally, in an ideal world these steps are only a prelude to improvements in the total environment in which optimal nutrition and other health determinants can be achieved. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Adult mammalian heart loses regeneration ability following ischemic injury due to the loss of cardiomyocyte mitosis. 	 BACKGROUND
However, the molecular mechanisms underlying the post-mitotic nature of cardiomyocytes remain largely unknown. 	 BACKGROUND
OBJECTIVES 	 BACKGROUND
The purpose of this study was to define the essential role of long noncoding ribonucleic acids (lncRNAs) in heart regeneration during postnatal and adult injury. 	 BACKGROUND
Myh6-driving cardiomyocyte-specific lncRNA-CAREL transgenic mice and adenovirus-mediated in vivo silencing of endogenous CAREL were used in this study. 	 METHODS
The effect of CAREL on cardiomyocyte replication and heart regeneration after apical resection or myocardial infarction was assessed by detecting mitosis and cytokinesis. 	 METHODS
An lncRNA CAREL was found significantly up-regulated in cardiomyocytes from neonatal mice (P7) in parallel with loss of regenerative capacity. 	 RESULTS
Cardiac-specific overexpression of CAREL in mice reduced cardiomyocyte division and proliferation and blunted neonatal heart regeneration after injury. 	 RESULTS
Conversely, silencing of CAREL in vivo markedly promoted cardiac regeneration and improved heart functions after myocardial infarction in neonatal and adult mice. 	 RESULTS
acted as a competing endogenous ribonucleic acid for miR-296 to derepress the expression of Trp53inp1 and Itm2a, the target genes of miR-296. 	 CAREL
Consistently, overexpression of miR-296 significantly increased cardiomyocyte replication and cardiac regeneration after injury. 	 CAREL
Decline of cardiac regenerative ability in CAREL transgenic mice was also rescued by miR-296. 	 CAREL
A short fragment containing the conserved sequence of CAREL reduced the proliferation of human induced pluripotent stem cell-derived cardiomyocytes as the full-length CAREL. 	 CAREL
LncRNA CAREL regulates cardiomyocyte proliferation and heart regeneration in postnatal and adult heart after injury by acting as a competing endogenous ribonucleic acid on miR-296 that targets Trp53inp1 and Itm2a. 	 CONCLUSIONS
To evaluate the relative efficacy of programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) or programmed cell death ligand 1 (PD-L1) inhibitors versus conventional drugs in patients with cancer that were PD-L1 positive and PD-L1 negative. 	 OBJECTIVE
Meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials. 	 DESIGN
PubMed, Embase, Cochrane database, and conference abstracts presented at the American Society of Clinical Oncology and European Society of Medical Oncology up to March 2018. 	 DATA SOURCES
Studies of PD-1 or PD-L1 inhibitors (avelumab, atezolizumab, durvalumab, nivolumab, and pembrolizumab) that had available hazard ratios for death based on PD-L1 positivity or negativity were included. 	 REVIEW METHODS
The threshold for PD-L1 positivity or negativity was that PD-L1 stained cell accounted for 1% of tumour cells, or tumour and immune cells, assayed by immunohistochemistry staining methods. 	 REVIEW METHODS
4174 patients with advanced or metastatic cancers from eight randomised controlled trials were included in this study. 	 RESULTS
Compared with conventional agents, PD-1 or PD-L1 inhibitors were associated with significantly prolonged overall survival in both patients that were PD-L1 positive (n=2254, hazard ratio 0.66, 95% confidence interval 0.59 to 0.74) and PD-L1 negative (1920, 0.80, 0.71 to 0.90). 	 RESULTS
However, the efficacies of PD-1 or PD-L1 blockade treatment in patients that were PD-L1 positive and PD-L1 negative were significantly different (P=0.02 for interaction). 	 RESULTS
Additionally, in both patients that were PD-L1 positive and PD-L1 negative, the long term clinical benefits from PD-1 or PD-L1 blockade were observed consistently across interventional agent, cancer histotype, method of randomisation stratification, type of immunohistochemical scoring system, drug target, type of control group, and median follow-up time. 	 RESULTS
PD-1 or PD-L1 blockade therapy is a preferable treatment option over conventional therapy for both patients that are PD-L1 positive and PD-L1 negative. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This finding suggests that PD-L1 expression status alone is insufficient in determining which patients should be offered PD-1 or PD-L1 blockade therapy. 	 CONCLUSIONS
IL-15 is an inflammatory cytokine secreted by many cell types. 	 OBJECTIVE
IL-15 is also produced during physical exercise by skeletal muscle and has been reported to reduce weight gain in mice. 	 OBJECTIVE
Contrarily, our findings on IL-15 knockout (KO) mice indicate that IL-15 promotes obesity. 	 OBJECTIVE
The aim of this study is to investigate the mechanisms underlying the pro-obesity role of IL-15 in adipose tissues. 	 OBJECTIVE
Control and IL-15 KO mice were maintained on high fat diet (HFD) or normal control diet. 	 METHODS
After 16 weeks, body weight, adipose tissue and skeletal mass, serum lipid levels and gene/protein expression in the adipose tissues were evaluated. 	 METHODS
The effect of IL-15 on thermogenesis and oxygen consumption was also studied in primary cultures of adipocytes differentiated from mouse preadipocyte and human stem cells. 	 METHODS
Our results show that IL-15 deficiency prevents diet-induced weight gain and accumulation of lipids in visceral and subcutaneous white and brown adipose tissues. 	 RESULTS
Gene expression analysis also revealed elevated expression of genes associated with adaptive thermogenesis in the brown and subcutaneous adipose tissues of IL-15 KO mice. 	 RESULTS
Accordingly, oxygen consumption was increased in the brown adipocytes from IL-15 KO mice. 	 RESULTS
In addition, IL-15 KO mice showed decreased expression of pro-inflammatory mediators in their adipose tissues. 	 RESULTS
Absence of IL-15 results in decreased accumulation of fat in the white adipose tissues and increased lipid utilization via adaptive thermogenesis. 	 CONCLUSIONS
IL-15 also promotes inflammation in adipose tissues that could sustain chronic inflammation leading to obesity-associated metabolic syndrome. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Diagnostic lumbar punctures (LPs), commonly used to rule out meningitis, are associated with adverse events. 	 CONTEXT
To systematically review the evidence about diagnostic LP techniques that may decrease the risk of adverse events and the evidence about test accuracy of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) analysis in adult patients with suspected bacterial meningitis. 	 OBJECTIVE
We searched the Cochrane Library, MEDLINE (using Ovid and PubMed) from 1966 to January 2006 and EMBASE from 1980 to January 2006 without language restrictions to identify relevant studies and identified others from the bibliographies of retrieved articles. 	 DATA SOURCES
We included randomized trials of patients aged 18 years or older undergoing interventions to facilitate a successful diagnostic LP or to potentially reduce adverse events. 	 STUDY SELECTION
Studies assessing the accuracy of biochemical analysis of the CSF for possible bacterial meningitis were also identified. 	 STUDY SELECTION
Two investigators independently appraised study quality and extracted relevant data. 	 DATA EXTRACTION
For studies of the LP technique, data on the intervention and the outcome were extracted. 	 DATA EXTRACTION
For studies of the laboratory diagnosis of bacterial meningitis, data on the reference standard and test accuracy were extracted. 	 DATA EXTRACTION
We found 15 randomized trials. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
A random-effects model was used for quantitative synthesis. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
Five studies of 587 patients compared atraumatic needles with standard needles and found a nonsignificant decrease in the odds of headache with an atraumatic needle (absolute risk reduction [ARR], 12.3%; 95% confidence interval [CI], -1.72% to 26.2%). 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
Reinsertion of the stylet before needle removal decreased the risk of headache (ARR, 11.3%; 95% CI, 6.50%-16.2%). 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
The combined results from 4 studies of 717 patients showed a nonsignificant decrease in headache in patients who were mobilized after LP (ARR, 2.9%; 95% CI, -3.4 to 9.3%). 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
Four studies on the accuracy of biochemical analysis of CSF in patients with suspected meningitis met inclusion criteria. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
A CSF-blood glucose ratio of 0.4 or less (likelihood ratio [LR], 18; 95% CI, 12-27]), CSF white blood cell count of 500/muL or higher (LR, 15; 95% CI, 10-22), and CSF lactate level of 31.53 mg/dL or more (> or =3.5 mmol/L; LR, 21; 95% CI, 14-32) accurately diagnosed bacterial meningitis. 	 DATA SYNTHESIS
These data suggest that small-gauge, atraumatic needles may decrease the risk of headache after diagnostic LP. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Reinsertion of the stylet before needle removal should occur and patients do not require bed rest after the procedure. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Future research should focus on evaluating interventions to optimize the success of a diagnostic LP and to enhance training in procedural skills. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Exosomes are extracellular vesicles that mediate cellular communication in health and diseases. 	 BACKGROUND
Neutrophils could be polarized to a pro-tumor phenotype by tumor. 	 BACKGROUND
The function of tumor-derived exosomes in neutrophil regulation remains unclear. 	 BACKGROUND
We investigated the effects of gastric cancer cell-derived exosomes (GC-Ex) on the pro-tumor activation of neutrophils and elucidated the underlying mechanisms. 	 METHODS
GC-Ex prolonged neutrophil survival and induced expression of inflammatory factors in neutrophils. 	 RESULTS
GC-Ex-activated neutrophils, in turn, promoted gastric cancer cell migration. 	 RESULTS
GC-Ex transported high mobility group box-1 (HMGB1) that activated NF-κB pathway through interaction with TLR4, resulting in an increased autophagic response in neutrophils. 	 RESULTS
Blocking HMGB1/TLR4 interaction, NF-κB pathway, and autophagy reversed GC-Ex-induced neutrophil activation. 	 RESULTS
Silencing HMGB1 in gastric cancer cells confirmed HMGB1 as a key factor for GC-Ex-mediated neutrophil activation. 	 RESULTS
Furthermore, HMGB1 expression was upregulated in gastric cancer tissues. 	 RESULTS
Increased HMGB1 expression was associated with poor prognosis in patients with gastric cancer. 	 RESULTS
Finally, gastric cancer tissue-derived exosomes acted similarly as exosomes derived from gastric cancer cell lines in neutrophil activation. 	 RESULTS
We demonstrate that gastric cancer cell-derived exosomes induce autophagy and pro-tumor activation of neutrophils via HMGB1/TLR4/NF-κB signaling, which provides new insights into mechanisms for neutrophil regulation in cancer and sheds lights on the multifaceted role of exosomes in reshaping tumor microenvironment. 	 CONCLUSION
microRNAs (miRNAs) stably exist in circulating blood and are encapsulated in extracellular vesicles such as exosomes. 	 BACKGROUND
The aims of this study were to identify which exosomal miRNAs are highly produced from epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) cells, to analyze whether serum miRNA can be used to discriminate patients with EOC from healthy volunteers, and to investigate the functional role of exosomal miRNAs in ovarian cancer progression. 	 BACKGROUND
Exosomes were collected from the culture media of serous ovarian cancer cell lines, namely TYK-nu and HeyA8 cells. 	 METHODS
An exosomal miRNA microarray revealed that several miRNAs including miR-99a-5p were specifically elevated in EOC-derived exosomes. 	 METHODS
Expression levels of serum miR-99a-5p in 62 patients with EOC, 26 patients with benign ovarian tumors, and 20 healthy volunteers were determined by miRNA quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction. 	 METHODS
To investigate the role of exosomal miR-99a-5p in peritoneal dissemination, neighboring human peritoneal mesothelial cells (HPMCs) were treated with EOC-derived exosomes and then expression levels of miR-99a-5p were examined. 	 METHODS
Furthermore, mimics of miR-99a-5p were transfected into HPMCs and the effect of miR-99a-5p on cancer invasion was analyzed using a 3D culture model. 	 METHODS
Proteomic analysis with the tandem mass tag method was performed on HPMCs transfected with miR-99a-5p and then potential target genes of miR-99a-5p were examined. 	 METHODS
The serum miR-99a-5p levels were significantly increased in patients with EOC, compared with those in benign tumor patients and healthy volunteers (1.7-fold and 2.8-fold, respectively). 	 RESULTS
A receiver operating characteristic curve analysis showed with a cut-off of 1.41 showed sensitivity and specificity of 0.85 and 0.75, respectively, for detecting EOC (area under the curve = 0.88). 	 RESULTS
Serum miR-99a-5p expression levels were significantly decreased after EOC surgeries (1.8 to 1.3, p = 0.002), indicating that miR-99a-5p reflects tumor burden. 	 RESULTS
Treatment with EOC-derived exosomes significantly increased miR-99a-5p expression in HPMCs. 	 RESULTS
HPMCs transfected with miR-99a-5p promoted ovarian cancer invasion and exhibited increased expression levels of fibronectin and vitronectin. 	 RESULTS
Serum miR-99a-5p is significantly elevated in ovarian cancer patients. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Exosomal miR-99a-5p from EOC cells promotes cell invasion by affecting HPMCs through fibronectin and vitronectin upregulation and may serve as a target for inhibiting ovarian cancer progression. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The purpose of this study was to explore the function and mechanism of peroxisome proliferator activated receptor agonist (PPARγ) in the toll-like receptor 2 (TLR2)/nod-like receptor with pyrin domain containing 3 (NLRP3) inflammatory corpuscle pathway of asthmatic mice. 	 BACKGROUND
Eighteen female mice (C57) were randomly divided into 4 groups: the control group, the asthma model group challenged by ovalbumin (OVA), the rosiglitazone group, and the PPARγ agonist rosiglitazone treatment group. 	 MATERIAL AND METHODS
The infiltration of peribronchial inflammatory cells as well as the proliferation and mucus secretion of bronchial epithelial goblet cells were observed by hematoxylin and eosin and periodic acid-Schiff staining. 	 MATERIAL AND METHODS
Western blots were employed to detect the expression levels of TLR2, PPARγ, nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kappaB), NLRP3, and ASC [apoptosis-associated speck-like protein containing C-terminal caspase recruitment domain [CARD]). 	 MATERIAL AND METHODS
The number of inflammatory cells and eosinophils, and the levels of OVAs IgE, interleukin-4 (IL-4), and IL-13 were significantly higher in the C57 asthma group compared to the C57 control group and the treatment group (P<0.05). 	 RESULTS
The infiltration of peribronchiolar inflammatory cells, wall thickening, goblet cell hyperplasia, and mucus secretion in the treatment group were all significantly decreased compared to those in the asthma group. 	 RESULTS
PPARg expression in the treatment group was significantly higher compared to the asthma group and the control group (P<0.05). 	 RESULTS
The protein expression levels of TLR2, NF-kappaB, NLRP3, and ASC were significantly lower compared to the asthma group but were higher compared to the control group (P<0.05). 	 RESULTS
PPARγ rosiglitazone ameliorates airway inflammation by inhibiting NF-kappaB expression in asthmatic mice, and further inhibits the activation of TLR2/NLRP3 inflammatory corpuscles. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Over the past 20 years the prevalence of child and adolescent mental disorders in high-income countries has not changed despite increased investment in mental health services. 	 BACKGROUND
Insufficient contact with mental health services may be a contributing factor; however, it is not known what proportion of children have sufficient contact with health professionals to allow delivery of treatment meeting minimal clinical practice guidelines, or how long children experience symptoms prior to receiving treatment. 	 BACKGROUND
AimsTo investigate the level of mental healthcare received by Australian children from age 4 years to 14 years. 	 BACKGROUND
Trajectories of mental health symptoms were mapped using the Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire. 	 METHOD
Health professional attendances and psychotropic medications dispensed were identified from linked national Medicare Benefits Schedule (MBS) and Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme records. 	 METHOD
Four trajectories of mental health symptoms were identified (low, high-decreasing, moderate-increasing and high-increasing). 	 RESULTS
Most children with mental health symptoms had few MBS mental health attendances, and only a minority received care meeting study criteria for minimally adequate treatment. 	 RESULTS
Children in the high-increasing and moderate-increasing trajectories were more likely to access care, yet there was no evidence of improvement in symptoms. 	 RESULTS
It is important that children and adolescents with mental health problems receive treatment that meets minimal practice guidelines. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Further research is needed to identify the quality of care currently provided to children with mental health difficulties and how clinicians can be best funded and supported to provide care meeting minimal practice guidelines. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Declaration of interestsNone. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Due to demographic changes with an increasing number of older people with chronic illness and multimorbidity palliative care for geriatric patients has become increasingly important. 	 BACKGROUND
The aim of this study was to explore the perspective of bereaved relatives with regard to their experiences and expectations concerning the delivery of care for older people in the last phase of life. 	 BACKGROUND
Qualitative interviews with 12 relatives of deceased older patients (aged 60 years or older). 	 METHODS
The interviews were recorded, transcribed, coded and analysed using the approach of qualitative content analysis according to Mayring. 	 METHODS
The bereaved relatives perceived that the care for geriatric patients in the last phase of life was inappropriate in various respects. 	 RESULTS
They criticised overtreatment (e.g. skin cancer diagnostic) as well as unmet needs (e.g. treatment of pain, patient centred care, communication). 	 RESULTS
Family doctors were seen as the primary contact persons in the professional health system. 	 RESULTS
From the perspective of bereaved relatives care for older people in the last phase of life has serious deficits. 	 CONCLUSIONS
They criticise an inappropriate priority setting and the disregard of palliative care. 	 CONCLUSIONS
There is a need for better communication and information exchange regarding the needs and expectations of patients and relatives, and regarding the targets of treatment. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Therefore it may be helpful to use advance directives more intensively. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Furthermore, it seems to be necessary to strengthen generalist palliative care particularly delivered by family doctors and community nurses. 	 CONCLUSIONS
as compared with 103 (8.2 percent) in the control group; the Kaplan-Meier estimates of the likelihood of freedom from deep-vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism at 90 days were 94.1 percent (95 percent confidence interval, 92.5 to 95.4 percent) and 90.6 percent (95 percent confidence interval, 88.7 to 92.2 percent), respectively (P 0.001). 	 CONCLUSIONS
The computer alert reduced the risk of deep-vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism at 90 days by 41 percent (hazard ratio, 0.59; 95 percent confidence interval, 0.43 to 0.81; P 0.001). 	 CONCLUSIONS
The institution of a computer-alert program increased physicians’ use of prophylaxis and markedly reduced the rates of deep-vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism among hospitalized patients at risk. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Editorial Comment: Most hospitals have adopted electronic systems to alert physicians of drug interactions or possible substitutions, as well as other measures designed to improve the quality of care and decrease expenses. 	 CONCLUSIONS
This approach was taken one step further by these authors, who evaluated whether notifying physicians that their patients were at increased risk for venous thromboembolism would decrease the incidence of deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The premise was that simply notifying the physician would increase the use of appropriate prophylactic measures. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Major surgery (defined as anything requiring general anesthesia), cancer and age greater than 75 years were included among the risk factors, each of which frequently applies to a urology population. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In fact, more than 13% of the patients in the intervention group had a known diagnosis of a genitourinary cancer. 	 CONCLUSIONS
The computer alert decreased the risk of deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism by 41%. 	 CONCLUSIONS
There are 2 lessons urologists can learn from this study. 	 CONCLUSIONS
First, many urology patients are at increased risk for venous thromboembolism and appropriate prophylaxis should be used. 	 CONCLUSIONS
In addition, although computer alert systems may seem intrusive at times, clinicians can expect to see more and more of them if there is further documentation that they improve the quality of care. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Little information is available on physician characteristics and patient presentations that may influence compliance with evidence-based guidelines for acute low back pain. 	 BACKGROUND
To assess whether physicians' management decisions are consistent with the Agency for Health Research Quality's guideline and whether responses varied with the presentation of sciatica or by physician characteristics. 	 OBJECTIVE
Cross-sectional study using a mailed survey. 	 DESIGN
Participants were randomly selected from internal medicine, family practice, general practice, emergency medicine, and occupational medicine specialties. 	 PARTICIPANTS
A questionnaire asked for recommendations for 2 case scenarios, representing patients without and with sciatica, respectively. 	 MEASUREMENTS
Seven hundred and twenty surveys were completed (response rate=25%). 	 RESULTS
In cases 1 (without sciatica) and 2 (with sciatica), 26.9% and 4.3% of physicians fully complied with the guideline, respectively. 	 RESULTS
For each year in practice, the odds of guideline noncompliance increased 1.03 times (95% confidence interval [CI]=1.01 to 1.05) for case 1. 	 RESULTS
With occupational medicine as the referent specialty, general practice had the greatest odds of noncompliance (3.60, 95% CI=1.75 to 7.40) in case 1, followed by internal medicine and emergency medicine. 	 RESULTS
Results for case 2 reflected the influence of sciatica with internal medicine having substantially higher odds (vs case 1) and the greatest odds of noncompliance of any specialty (6.93, 95% CI=1.47 to 32.78), followed by family practice and emergency medicine. 	 RESULTS
A majority of primary care physicians continue to be noncompliant with evidence-based back pain guidelines. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Sciatica dramatically influenced clinical decision-making, increasing the extent of noncompliance, particularly for internal medicine and family practice. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Physicians' misunderstanding of sciatica's natural history and belief that more intensive initial management is indicated may be factors underlying the observed influence of sciatica. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Radiographic contrast agents can cause a reduction in renal function that may be due to reactive oxygen species. 	 BACKGROUND
Whether the reduction can be prevented by the administration of antioxidants is unknown. 	 BACKGROUND
We prospectively studied 83 patients with chronic renal insufficiency (mean [+/-SD] serum creatinine concentration, 2.4+/-1.3 mg per deciliter [216+/-116 micromol per liter]) who were undergoing computed tomography with a nonionic, low-osmolality contrast agent. 	 METHODS
Patients were randomly assigned either to receive the antioxidant acetylcysteine (600 mg orally twice daily) and 0.45 percent saline intravenously, before and after administration of the contrast agent, or to receive placebo and saline. 	 METHODS
Ten of the 83 patients (12 percent) had an increase of at least 0.5 mg per deciliter (44 micromol per liter) in the serum creatinine concentration 48 hours after administration of the contrast agent: 1 of the 41 patients in the acetylcysteine group (2 percent) and 9 of the 42 patients in the control group (21 percent; P=0.01; relative risk, 0.1; 95 percent confidence interval, 0.02 to 0.9). 	 RESULTS
In the acetylcysteine group, the mean serum creatinine concentration decreased significantly (P<0.001), from 2.5+/-1.3 to 2.1+/-1.3 mg per deciliter (220+/-118 to 186+/-112 micromol per liter) 48 hours after the administration of the contrast medium, whereas in the control group, the mean serum creatinine concentration increased nonsignificantly (P=0.18), from 2.4+/-1.3 to 2.6+/-1.5 mg per deciliter (212+/-114 to 226+/-133 micromol per liter) (P<0.001 for the comparison between groups). 	 RESULTS
Prophylactic oral administration of the antioxidant acetylcysteine, along with hydration, prevents the reduction in renal function induced by contrast agents in patients with chronic renal insufficiency. 	 CONCLUSIONS
Moderate differences in efficacy between adjuvant chemotherapy regimens for breast cancer are plausible, and could affect treatment choices. 	 BACKGROUND
We sought any such differences. 	 BACKGROUND
We undertook individual-patient-data meta-analyses of the randomised trials comparing: any taxane-plus-anthracycline-based regimen versus the same, or more, non-taxane chemotherapy (n=44,000); one anthracycline-based regimen versus another (n=7000) or versus cyclophosphamide, methotrexate, and fluorouracil (CMF; n=18,000); and polychemotherapy versus no chemotherapy (n=32,000). 	 METHODS
The scheduled dosages of these three drugs and of the anthracyclines doxorubicin (A) and epirubicin (E) were used to define standard CMF, standard 4AC, and CAF and CEF. 	 METHODS
Log-rank breast cancer mortality rate ratios (RRs) are reported. 	 METHODS
In trials adding four separate cycles of a taxane to a fixed anthracycline-based control regimen, extending treatment duration, breast cancer mortality was reduced (RR 0·86, SE 0·04, two-sided significance [2p]=0·0005). 	 FINDINGS
In trials with four such extra cycles of a taxane counterbalanced in controls by extra cycles of other cytotoxic drugs, roughly doubling non-taxane dosage, there was no significant difference (RR 0·94, SE 0·06, 2p=0·33). 	 FINDINGS
Trials with CMF-treated controls showed that standard 4AC and standard CMF were equivalent (RR 0·98, SE 0·05, 2p=0·67), but that anthracycline-based regimens with substantially higher cumulative dosage than standard 4AC (eg, CAF or CEF) were superior to standard CMF (RR 0·78, SE 0·06, 2p=0·0004). 	 FINDINGS
Trials versus no chemotherapy also suggested greater mortality reductions with CAF (RR 0·64, SE 0·09, 2p<0·0001) than with standard 4AC (RR 0·78, SE 0·09, 2p=0·01) or standard CMF (RR 0·76, SE 0·05, 2p<0·0001). 	 FINDINGS
In all meta-analyses involving taxane-based or anthracycline-based regimens, proportional risk reductions were little affected by age, nodal status, tumour diameter or differentiation (moderate or poor; few were well differentiated), oestrogen receptor status, or tamoxifen use. 	 FINDINGS
Hence, largely independently of age (up to at least 70 years) or the tumour characteristics currently available to us for the patients selected to be in these trials, some taxane-plus-anthracycline-based or higher-cumulative-dosage anthracycline-based regimens (not requiring stem cells) reduced breast cancer mortality by, on average, about one-third. 	 FINDINGS
10-year overall mortality differences paralleled breast cancer mortality differences, despite taxane, anthracycline, and other toxicities. 	 FINDINGS
10-year gains from a one-third breast cancer mortality reduction depend on absolute risks without chemotherapy (which, for oestrogen-receptor-positive disease, are the risks remaining with appropriate endocrine therapy). 	 INTERPRETATION
Low absolute risk implies low absolute benefit, but information was lacking about tumour gene expression markers or quantitative immunohistochemistry that might help to predict risk, chemosensitivity, or both. 	 INTERPRETATION
Cancer Research UK; British Heart Foundation; UK Medical Research Council. 	 FUNDING
The main associations of body-mass index (BMI) with overall and cause-specific mortality can best be assessed by long-term prospective follow-up of large numbers of people. 	 BACKGROUND
The Prospective Studies Collaboration aimed to investigate these associations by sharing data from many studies. 	 BACKGROUND
Collaborative analyses were undertaken of baseline BMI versus mortality in 57 prospective studies with 894 576 participants, mostly in western Europe and North America (61% [n=541 452] male, mean recruitment age 46 [SD 11] years, median recruitment year 1979 [IQR 1975-85], mean BMI 25 [SD 4] kg/m(2)). 	 METHODS
The analyses were adjusted for age, sex, smoking status, and study. 	 METHODS
To limit reverse causality, the first 5 years of follow-up were excluded, leaving 66 552 deaths of known cause during a mean of 8 (SD 6) further years of follow-up (mean age at death 67 [SD 10] years): 30 416 vascular; 2070 diabetic, renal or hepatic; 22 592 neoplastic; 3770 respiratory; 7704 other. 	 METHODS
In both sexes, mortality was lowest at about 22.5-25 kg/m(2). 	 FINDINGS
Above this range, positive associations were recorded for several specific causes and inverse associations for none, the absolute excess risks for higher BMI and smoking were roughly additive, and each 5 kg/m(2) higher BMI was on average associated with about 30% higher overall mortality (hazard ratio per 5 kg/m(2) [HR] 1.29 [95% CI 1.27-1.32]): 40% for vascular mortality (HR 1.41 [1.37-1.45]); 60-120% for diabetic, renal, and hepatic mortality (HRs 2.16 [1.89-2.46], 1.59 [1.27-1.99], and 1.82 [1.59-2.09], respectively); 10% for neoplastic mortality (HR 1.10 [1.06-1.15]); and 20% for respiratory and for all other mortality (HRs 1.20 [1.07-1.34] and 1.20 [1.16-1.25], respectively). 	 FINDINGS
Below the range 22.5-25 kg/m(2), BMI was associated inversely with overall mortality, mainly because of strong inverse associations with respiratory disease and lung cancer. 	 FINDINGS
These inverse associations were much stronger for smokers than for non-smokers, despite cigarette consumption per smoker varying little with BMI. 	 FINDINGS
Although other anthropometric measures (eg, waist circumference, waist-to-hip ratio) could well add extra information to BMI, and BMI to them, BMI is in itself a strong predictor of overall mortality both above and below the apparent optimum of about 22.5-25 kg/m(2). 	 INTERPRETATION
The progressive excess mortality above this range is due mainly to vascular disease and is probably largely causal. 	 INTERPRETATION
At 30-35 kg/m(2), median survival is reduced by 2-4 years; at 40-45 kg/m(2), it is reduced by 8-10 years (which is comparable with the effects of smoking). 	 INTERPRETATION
The definite excess mortality below 22.5 kg/m(2) is due mainly to smoking-related diseases, and is not fully explained. 	 INTERPRETATION
Trabecular bone score (TBS) is a surrogate indicator of bone microarchitecture. 	 AIMS
The presenent study sought to examine the association between type 2 diabetes (T2D) and trabecular bone score (TBS) in adult Vietnamese men and women. 	 AIMS
The study was part of the Vietnam Osteoporosis Study, in which 2702 women and 1398 men aged ≥30 yrs were recruited from the general community in Ho Chi Minh City. 	 METHODS
HbA1c levels were measured by the ADAMS™ A1c HA-8160 (Arkray, Kyoto, Japan), and classified into 3 groups: normal if HbA1c <5.7%; pre-diabetes (5.7 to 6.4%); and diabetes (>6.4%). 	 METHODS
was evaluated by iNsight Software, version 2.1 (Medimaps, Merignac, France) on lumbar spine BMD scan (Hologic Horizon). 	 TBS
Differences in TBS between diabetic status were analyzed by the multivariable regression model with adjustment for age and body mass index. 	 TBS
The prevalence of pre-diabetes and diabetes in men and women was 30.2% and 8.3%, respectively. 	 RESULTS
In women, TBS was lower in pre-diabetes (-0.02; P<0.001) and diabetes (-0.02; P<0.001) compared with normal individuals. 	 RESULTS
In men, there was no statistically significant difference in TBS between diabetic status. 	 RESULTS
Moreover, TBS was significantly inversely correlated with HbA1c levels in women (P = 0.01), but not in men (P = 0.89). 	 RESULTS
Women, but not men, with type 2 diabetes and pre-diabetes have lower TBS than individuals without diabetes. 	 CONCLUSION
These data suggest that diabetes and prediabetes are associated with deterioration of bone microarchitecture. 	 CONCLUSION
